---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_application_filter_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: "NetSec"
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_application_filter_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_application_filter_list" "example" {
  folder = "Shared"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `limit` (Number) The Limit param. A limit of -1 will return all configured items. Default: `200`.
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `offset` (Number) The Offset param. Default: `0`.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The Data param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The Total param.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `categories` (List of String) The Categories param.
- `evasive` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `excessive_bandwidth_use` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `excludes` (List of String) The Excludes param.
- `has_known_vulnerabilities` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `is_saas` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-]. String length must not exceed 31 characters.
- `new_appid` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `pervasive` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `prone_to_misuse` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `risks` (List of Number) The Risks param.
- `saas_certifications` (List of String) The SaasCertifications param.
- `saas_risks` (List of String) The SaasRisks param.
- `subcategories` (List of String) The Subcategories param.
- `tagging` (Attributes) The Tagging param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tagging))
- `technologies` (List of String) The Technologies param.
- `transfers_files` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `tunnels_other_apps` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.
- `used_by_malware` (Boolean) only True is a valid value.

<a id="nestedatt--data--tagging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tagging`

Read-Only:

- `no_tag` (Boolean) The NoTag param.
- `tags` (List of String) The Tags param.
