---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_authentication_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_authentication_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_authentication_rule_list" "all_pre_rules" {
  # The 'folder' is required to specify where to look for the rules.
  limit    = 10
  offset   = 15
  position = "pre"
  folder   = "All"
}

# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# 5. OUTPUT: Display the fetched list data
# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

output "fetched_rule_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of rules retrieved by the SCM Authentication Rule List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_rules_fetched = data.scm_authentication_rule_list.all_pre_rules.total
    # We access the list of rules using the 'data' attribute, and then take the first one
    first_rule_name = data.scm_authentication_rule_list.all_pre_rules.data[0].name
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `position` (String) The relative position of the rule

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the authentication rule

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the authentication rule

Read-Only:

- `authentication_enforcement` (String) The authentication profile name
- `category` (List of String) The destination URL categories
- `description` (String) The description of the authentication rule
- `destination` (List of String) The destination addresses
- `destination_hip` (List of String) The destination Host Integrity Profile (HIP)
- `device` (String) Device

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Is the authentication rule disabled?
- `folder` (String) Folder

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `from` (List of String) The source security zones
- `group_tag` (String) Group tag
- `hip_profiles` (List of String) The source Host Integrity Profile (HIP)
- `log_authentication_timeout` (Boolean) Log authentication timeouts?
- `log_setting` (String) The log forwarding profile name
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Are the destination addresses negated?
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Are the source addresses negated?
- `position` (String) The relative position of the rule
- `relative_position` (String) Relative positioning rule. String must be one of these: `"before"`, `"after"`, `"top"`, `"bottom"`. If not specified, rule is created at the bottom of the ruleset.
- `service` (List of String) The destination ports
- `snippet` (String) Snippet

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `source` (List of String) The source addresses
- `source_hip` (List of String) The source Host Integrity Profile (HIP)
- `source_user` (List of String) The source users
- `tag` (List of String) The authentication rule tags
- `target_rule` (String) The name or UUID of the rule to position this rule relative to. Required when `relative_position` is `"before"` or `"after"`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `timeout` (Number) The authentication session timeout (seconds)
- `to` (List of String) The destination security zones
