---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_authentication_rule Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AuthenticationRule data source
---

# scm_authentication_rule (Data Source)

AuthenticationRule data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_authentication_rule" "rule_data" {
  id = "1f1e08af-fe7b-4c36-882a-411101ad36d7"
}

output "fetched_rule_id" {
  description = "The UUID of the fetched authentication rule."
  value       = data.scm_authentication_rule.rule_data.id
}

output "fetched_rule_data" {
  description = "The timeout value for the fetched authentication rule."
  value       = data.scm_authentication_rule.rule_data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The UUID of the authentication rule

### Optional

- `device` (String) Device
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) Folder
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the authentication rule
- `snippet` (String) Snippet
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

### Read-Only

- `authentication_enforcement` (String) The authentication profile name
- `category` (List of String) The destination URL categories
- `description` (String) The description of the authentication rule
- `destination` (List of String) The destination addresses
- `destination_hip` (List of String) The destination Host Integrity Profile (HIP)
- `disabled` (Boolean) Is the authentication rule disabled?
- `from` (List of String) The source security zones
- `group_tag` (String) Group tag
- `hip_profiles` (List of String) The source Host Integrity Profile (HIP)
- `log_authentication_timeout` (Boolean) Log authentication timeouts?
- `log_setting` (String) The log forwarding profile name
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Are the destination addresses negated?
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Are the source addresses negated?
- `position` (String) The relative position of the rule
- `relative_position` (String) Relative positioning rule. String must be one of these: `"before"`, `"after"`, `"top"`, `"bottom"`. If not specified, rule is created at the bottom of the ruleset.
- `service` (List of String) The destination ports
- `source` (List of String) The source addresses
- `source_hip` (List of String) The source Host Integrity Profile (HIP)
- `source_user` (List of String) The source users
- `tag` (List of String) The authentication rule tags
- `target_rule` (String) The name or UUID of the rule to position this rule relative to. Required when `relative_position` is `"before"` or `"after"`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `timeout` (Number) The authentication session timeout (seconds)
- `to` (List of String) The destination security zones
