---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_bgp_redistribution_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_bgp_redistribution_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name

Read-Only:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `ipv4` (Attributes) Ipv4 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv4))
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `unicast` (Attributes) Unicast (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast))

<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv4.unicast`

Read-Only:

- `connected` (Attributes) Connected (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast--connected))
- `ospf` (Attributes) Ospf (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast--ospf))
- `static` (Attributes) Static (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast--static))

<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast--connected"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv4.unicast.connected`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable connected route redistribution?
- `metric` (Number) Route metric
- `route_map` (String) Route map


<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast--ospf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv4.unicast.ospf`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable OSPF route redistribution?
- `metric` (Number) Route metric
- `route_map` (String) Route map


<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv4--unicast--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv4.unicast.static`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable static route redistribution?
- `metric` (Number) Route metric
- `route_map` (String) Route map
