---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_certificate_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_certificate_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch a list of all certificate profile objects from the "All" folder.
data "scm_certificate_profile_list" "all_profiles" {
  folder = "All"
}

# Output the raw list of all certificate profile objects found.
output "certificate_profiles_list" {
  description = "A list of all certificate profile objects from the All folder."
  # This directly outputs the list of data from the data source
  value = data.scm_certificate_profile_list.all_profiles.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the certificate profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the certificate profile
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `block_expired_cert` (Boolean) Block sessions with expired certificates?
- `block_timeout_cert` (Boolean) Block session if certificate status cannot be retrieved within timeout?
- `block_unauthenticated_cert` (Boolean) Block session if the certificate was not issued to the authenticating device?
- `block_unknown_cert` (Boolean) Block session if certificate status is unknown?
- `ca_certificates` (Attributes List) An ordered list of CA certificates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ca_certificates))
- `cert_status_timeout` (String) Certificate status timeout
- `crl_receive_timeout` (String) CRL receive timeout (seconds)
- `domain` (String) User domain
- `ocsp_receive_timeout` (String) OCSP receive timeout (seconds)
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `use_crl` (Boolean) Use CRL?
- `use_ocsp` (Boolean) Use OCSP?
- `username_field` (Attributes) Certificate username field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--username_field))

<a id="nestedatt--data--ca_certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ca_certificates`

Read-Only:

- `default_ocsp_url` (String) Default OCSP URL
- `name` (String) CA certificate name
- `ocsp_verify_cert` (String) OCSP verify certificate
- `template_name` (String) Template name/OID


<a id="nestedatt--data--username_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.username_field`

Read-Only:

- `subject` (String) Common name
- `subject_alt` (String) Email address
