---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_data_filtering_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_data_filtering_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# Data source to retrieve a list of SCM Data Filtering Porofiles.
#

# Fetch a list of all SCM Data Filtering Porofiles in the "ngfw-shared" folder.
data "scm_data_filtering_profile_list" "all_ngfw_shared" {
  folder = "ngfw-shared"
}

# Output the list of all SCM Decryption Profile objects from the "All" folder.
output "scm_data_filtering_profile_list_ngfw_shared" {
  description = "A list of all SCM Data Filtering Profiles from the ngfw-shared folder."
  value       = data.scm_data_filtering_profile_list.all_ngfw_shared.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the data filtering profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the data filtering profile
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `data_capture` (Boolean) Data capture
- `description` (String) The description of the data filtering profile
- `disable_override` (String) Disable override
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--rules))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.rules`

Read-Only:

- `alert_threshold` (Number) Alert threshold
- `application` (List of String) Application
- `block_threshold` (Number) Block threshold
- `data_object` (String) Data object
- `direction` (String) Direction
- `file_type` (List of String) File type
- `log_severity` (String) Log severity
- `name` (String) Name
