---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_decryption_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_decryption_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_decryption_rule_list" "paged_rules_list" {
  folder   = "All"
  offset   = 10
  position = "pre"
}

output "fetched_rule_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of rules retrieved by the SCM Decryption Rule List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_rules_fetched = data.scm_decryption_rule_list.paged_rules_list.total
    # We access the list of rules using the 'data' attribute, and then take the first one
    first_rule_name = data.scm_decryption_rule_list.paged_rules_list.data[0].name
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `position` (String) The position of a security rule

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the decryption rule

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the decryption rule

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action to be taken
- `category` (List of String) The destination URL category
- `description` (String) The description of the decryption rule
- `destination` (List of String) The destination addresses
- `destination_hip` (List of String) The Host Integrity Profile of the destination host
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `disabled` (Boolean) Is the rule disabled?
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `from` (List of String) The source security zone
- `log_fail` (Boolean) Log failed decryption events?
- `log_setting` (String) The log settings of the decryption rule
- `log_success` (Boolean) Log successful decryption events?
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Negate the destination addresses?
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Negate the source addresses?
- `position` (String) The position of a security rule
- `profile` (String) The decryption profile associated with the decryption rule
- `relative_position` (String) Relative positioning rule. String must be one of these: `"before"`, `"after"`, `"top"`, `"bottom"`. If not specified, rule is created at the bottom of the ruleset.
- `service` (List of String) The destination services and/or service groups
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
- `source` (List of String) The source addresses
- `source_hip` (List of String) Source hip
- `source_user` (List of String) List of source users and/or groups.  Reserved words include `any`, `pre-login`, `known-user`, and `unknown`.
- `tag` (List of String) The tags associated with the decryption rule
- `target_rule` (String) The name or UUID of the rule to position this rule relative to. Required when `relative_position` is `"before"` or `"after"`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `to` (List of String) The destination security zone
- `type` (Attributes) The type of decryption (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type`

Read-Only:

- `ssl_forward_proxy` (Attributes) Ssl forward proxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--ssl_forward_proxy))
- `ssl_inbound_inspection` (String) add the certificate name for SSL inbound inspection

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--ssl_forward_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.ssl_forward_proxy`
