---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_device Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_device (Data Source)

Retrieves a config item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `serial` (String) The Serial param.

### Read-Only

- `anti_virus_version` (String) The AntiVirusVersion param.
- `app_release_date` (String) The AppReleaseDate param.
- `app_version` (String) The AppVersion param.
- `av_release_date` (String) The AvReleaseDate param.
- `available_licensess` (Attributes List) The AvailableLicensess param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--available_licensess))
- `connected_since` (String) The ConnectedSince param.
- `dev_cert_detail` (String) The DevCertDetail param.
- `dev_cert_expiry_date` (String) The DevCertExpiryDate param.
- `family` (String) The Family param.
- `gp_client_verion` (String) The GpClientVerion param.
- `gp_data_version` (String) The GpDataVersion param.
- `ha_peer_serial` (String) The HaPeerSerial param.
- `ha_peer_state` (String) The HaPeerState param.
- `ha_state` (String) The HaState param.
- `hostname` (String) The Hostname param.
- `id` (String) The Id param.
- `installed_licenses` (Attributes List) The InstalledLicenses param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--installed_licenses))
- `iot_release_date` (String) The IotReleaseDate param.
- `iot_version` (String) The IotVersion param.
- `ip_address` (String) The IpAddress param.
- `ip_v6_address` (String) The IpV6Address param.
- `is_connected` (Boolean) The IsConnected param.
- `license_match` (Boolean) The LicenseMatch param.
- `log_db_version` (String) The LogDbVersion param.
- `mac_address` (String) The MacAddress param.
- `model` (String) The Model param.
- `software_version` (String) The SoftwareVersion param.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `threat_release_date` (String) The ThreatReleaseDate param.
- `threat_version` (String) The ThreatVersion param.
- `uptime` (String) The Uptime param.
- `url_db_type` (String) The UrlDbType param.
- `url_db_ver` (String) The UrlDbVer param.
- `vm_state` (String) The VmState param.
- `wf_release_date` (String) The WfReleaseDate param.
- `wf_ver` (String) The WfVer param.

<a id="nestedatt--available_licensess"></a>
### Nested Schema for `available_licensess`

Read-Only:

- `authcode` (String) The Authcode param.
- `expires` (String) The Expires param.
- `feature` (String) The Feature param.
- `issued` (String) The Issued param.


<a id="nestedatt--installed_licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `installed_licenses`

Read-Only:

- `authcode` (String) The Authcode param.
- `expired` (String) The Expired param.
- `expires` (String) The Expires param.
- `feature` (String) The Feature param.
- `issued` (String) The Issued param.
