---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_device_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_device_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all devices
data "scm_device_list" "all_devices" {
  limit  = 200
  offset = 0
}

# Output the devices
output "all_device_names" {
  value = [for d in data.scm_device_list.all_devices.data : d.name]
}

output "device_details" {
  value = [for d in data.scm_device_list.all_devices.data : {
    id               = d.id
    name             = d.name
    model            = d.model
    family           = d.family
    is_connected     = d.is_connected
    software_version = d.software_version
    ip_address       = d.ip_address
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `pagination` (Boolean) The parameter to mention if the response should be paginated. By default, its set to false
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the device

Optional:

- `folder` (String) The folder containing the device
- `name` (String) The name of the device

Read-Only:

- `anti_virus_version` (String) Anti virus version
- `app_release_date` (String) App release date
- `app_version` (String) App version
- `av_release_date` (String) Av release date
- `available_licensess` (Attributes List) Available licensess (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--available_licensess))
- `connected_since` (String) Connected since
- `description` (String) The description of the device
- `dev_cert_detail` (String) Dev cert detail
- `dev_cert_expiry_date` (String) Dev cert expiry date
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the device
- `family` (String) The product family of the device
- `gp_client_verion` (String) Gp client verion
- `gp_data_version` (String) Gp data version
- `ha_peer_serial` (String) Ha peer serial
- `ha_peer_state` (String) Ha peer state
- `ha_state` (String) Ha state
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the device
- `installed_licenses` (Attributes List) Installed licenses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--installed_licenses))
- `iot_release_date` (String) Iot release date
- `iot_version` (String) Iot version
- `ip_address` (String) The IPv4 address of the device
- `ip_v6_address` (String) Ip v6 address
- `is_connected` (Boolean) Is connected
- `labels` (List of String) Labels assigned to the device
- `license_match` (Boolean) License match
- `log_db_version` (String) Log db version
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the device
- `model` (String) The model of the device
- `snippets` (List of String) Snippets associated with the device
- `software_version` (String) Software version
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `threat_release_date` (String) Threat release date
- `threat_version` (String) Threat version
- `uptime` (String) Uptime
- `url_db_type` (String) Url db type
- `url_db_ver` (String) Url db ver
- `vm_state` (String) Vm state
- `wf_release_date` (String) Wf release date
- `wf_ver` (String) Wf ver

<a id="nestedatt--data--available_licensess"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.available_licensess`

Read-Only:

- `authcode` (String) Authcode
- `expires` (String) Expires
- `feature` (String) Feature
- `issued` (String) Issued


<a id="nestedatt--data--installed_licenses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.installed_licenses`

Read-Only:

- `authcode` (String) Authcode
- `expired` (String) Expired
- `expires` (String) Expires
- `feature` (String) Feature
- `issued` (String) Issued
