---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_dns_proxy_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_dns_proxy_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) DNS proxy name
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `cache` (Attributes) Cache (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--cache))
- `default` (Attributes) Default (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--default))
- `domain_servers` (Attributes List) DNS proxy rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--domain_servers))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable DNS proxy?
- `interface` (List of String) Interfaces on which to enable DNS proxy service
- `static_entries` (Attributes List) Static entries (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--static_entries))
- `tcp_queries` (Attributes) Tcp queries (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tcp_queries))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `udp_queries` (Attributes) Udp queries (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--udp_queries))

<a id="nestedatt--data--cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.cache`

Read-Only:

- `cache_edns` (Boolean) Cache EDNS UDP response
- `enabled` (Boolean) Turn on caching for this DNS object
- `max_ttl` (Attributes) Max ttl (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--cache--max_ttl))

<a id="nestedatt--data--cache--max_ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.cache.max_ttl`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable max ttl for this DNS object
- `time_to_live` (Number) Time in seconds after which entry is cleared



<a id="nestedatt--data--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.default`

Read-Only:

- `inheritance` (Attributes) Inheritance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--default--inheritance))
- `primary` (String) Primary DNS Name server IP address
- `secondary` (String) Secondary DNS Name server IP address

<a id="nestedatt--data--default--inheritance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.default.inheritance`

Read-Only:

- `source` (String) Dynamic interface



<a id="nestedatt--data--domain_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.domain_servers`

Read-Only:

- `cacheable` (Boolean) Enable caching for this DNS proxy rule?
- `domain_name` (List of String) Domain names(s) that will be matched
- `name` (String) Proxy rule name
- `primary` (String) Primary DNS server IP address
- `secondary` (String) Secondary DNS server IP address


<a id="nestedatt--data--static_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.static_entries`

Read-Only:

- `address` (List of String) Address
- `domain` (String) Fully qualified domain name
- `name` (String) Static entry name


<a id="nestedatt--data--tcp_queries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tcp_queries`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Turn on forwarding of TCP DNS queries?
- `max_pending_requests` (Number) Upper limit on number of concurrent TCP DNS requests


<a id="nestedatt--data--udp_queries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.udp_queries`

Read-Only:

- `retries` (Attributes) Retries (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--udp_queries--retries))

<a id="nestedatt--data--udp_queries--retries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.udp_queries.retries`

Read-Only:

- `attempts` (Number) Maximum number of retries before trying next name server
- `interval` (Number) Time in seconds for another request to be sent
