---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_dns_security_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_dns_security_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the DNS security profile

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS security profile

Read-Only:

- `botnet_domains` (Attributes) Botnet domains (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains))
- `description` (String) The description of the DNS security profile
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains`

Read-Only:

- `dns_security_categories` (Attributes List) DNS categories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--dns_security_categories))
- `lists` (Attributes List) Dynamic lists of DNS domains (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists))
- `sinkhole` (Attributes) DNS sinkhole settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--sinkhole))
- `whitelist` (Attributes List) DNS security overrides (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--whitelist))

<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--dns_security_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.dns_security_categories`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action
- `log_level` (String) Log level
- `name` (String) Name
- `packet_capture` (String) Packet capture


<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists`

Read-Only:

- `action` (Attributes) Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action))
- `name` (String) Name
- `packet_capture` (String) Packet capture

<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists.action`

Read-Only:

- `alert` (Attributes) Alert (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--alert))
- `allow` (Attributes) Allow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--allow))
- `block` (Attributes) Block (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--block))
- `sinkhole` (Attributes) Sinkhole (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--sinkhole))

<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--alert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists.action.alert`


<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists.action.allow`


<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists.action.block`


<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action--sinkhole"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists.action.sinkhole`




<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--sinkhole"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.sinkhole`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4_address` (String) Ipv4 address
- `ipv6_address` (String) Ipv6 address


<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--whitelist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.whitelist`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description
- `name` (String) DNS domain or FQDN to be whitelisted
