---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_file_blocking_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_file_blocking_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# Data source to retrieve a list of SCM File Blocking Profile objects.
#

# Fetch a list of all SCM File Blocking Profile in the "All" folder.
data "scm_file_blocking_profile_list" "all_shared" {
  folder = "All"
}

# Output the list of all SCM File Blocking Profile objects from the "All" folder.
output "scm_file_blocking_profile_all_shared" {
  description = "A list of all SCM File Blocking Profile from the Shared folder."
  value       = data.scm_file_blocking_profile_list.all_shared.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the file blocking profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the file blocking profile
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description
- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of file blocking rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--rules))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action to take when the rule match criteria is met
- `application` (List of String) The application transferring the files (App-ID naming)
- `direction` (String) The direction of the file transfer
- `file_type` (List of String) The file type
- `name` (String) The name of the file blocking rule
