---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_general_setting_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_general_setting_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `general` (Attributes) General (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--general))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--general"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.general`

Read-Only:

- `ack_login_banner` (Boolean) Force admins to acknowledge login banner
- `domain` (String) DNS domain
- `geo_location` (Attributes) Geographic coordinates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--general--geo_location))
- `locale` (String) Locale
- `login_banner` (String) Logon banner
- `setting` (Attributes) Setting (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--general--setting))
- `ssl_tls_service_profile` (String) SSL/TLS service profile
- `timezone` (String) Timezone

<a id="nestedatt--data--general--geo_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.general.geo_location`

Read-Only:

- `latitude` (String) Latitude
- `longitude` (String) Longitude


<a id="nestedatt--data--general--setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.general.setting`

Read-Only:

- `auto_mac_detect` (Boolean) Use hypervisor assigned MAC addresses
- `fail_open` (Boolean) Fail open
- `management` (Attributes) Management (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--general--setting--management))
- `tunnel_acceleration` (Boolean) Tunnel acceleration

<a id="nestedatt--data--general--setting--management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.general.setting.management`

Read-Only:

- `auto_acquire_commit_lock` (Boolean) Automatically acquire commit lock
- `enable_certificate_expiration_check` (Boolean) Certificate expiration check
