---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_http_header_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_http_header_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# Data source to retrieve a list of SCM HTTP Header Profile objects.
#

# Example 1: Fetch a list of all SCM HTTP Header Profile in the "All" folder.
data "scm_http_header_profile_list" "all_shared" {
  folder = "All"
}

# Output the list of all SCM HTTP Header Profile objects from the "All" folder.
output "scm_http_header_profile_list_all_shared" {
  description = "A list of all SCM HTTP Header Profile from the Shared folder."
  value       = data.scm_http_header_profile_list.all_shared.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the HTTP header profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header profile
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the HTTP header profile
- `http_header_insertion` (Attributes List) A list of HTTP header profile rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--http_header_insertion))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--http_header_insertion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.http_header_insertion`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header insertion rule
- `type` (Attributes List) A list of HTTP header insertion definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--http_header_insertion--type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--http_header_insertion--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.http_header_insertion.type`

Read-Only:

- `domains` (List of String) A list of DNS domains
- `headers` (Attributes List) Headers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--http_header_insertion--type--headers))
- `name` (String) The HTTP header insertion type

<a id="nestedatt--data--http_header_insertion--type--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.http_header_insertion.type.headers`

Read-Only:

- `header` (String) The HTTP header string
- `log` (Boolean) Log the use of this HTTP header insertion?
- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header
- `value` (String) The value associated with the HTTP header
