---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_ike_crypto_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_ike_crypto_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example of listing all IPsec Crypto Profiles within a specific folder.
data "scm_ike_crypto_profile_list" "all_in_folder" {
  folder = "Prisma Access"
  limit  = 100
}

output "all_ike_profiles" {
  value = data.scm_ike_crypto_profile_list.all_in_folder.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string begin with letter: [0-9a-zA-Z._-]
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `authentication_multiple` (Number) IKEv2 SA reauthentication interval equals authetication-multiple * rekey-lifetime; 0 means reauthentication disabled
- `dh_group` (List of String) Dh group
- `encryption` (List of String) Encryption algorithm
- `hash` (List of String) Hash
- `lifetime` (Attributes) Ike crypto profile lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--lifetime))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--lifetime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.lifetime`

Read-Only:

- `days` (Number) specify lifetime in days
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
- `hours` (Number) specify lifetime in hours
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
- `minutes` (Number) specify lifetime in minutes
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
- `seconds` (Number) specify lifetime in seconds
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
