---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_interface_management_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_interface_management_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name

Read-Only:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `http` (Boolean) Allow HTTP?
- `http_ocsp` (Boolean) Http ocsp
- `https` (Boolean) Allow HTTPS?
- `permitted_ip` (List of String) Permitted ip
- `ping` (Boolean) Allow ping?
- `response_pages` (String) Response pages
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
- `ssh` (Boolean) Allow SSH?
- `telnet` (Boolean) Allow telnet? Seriously, why would you do this?!?
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `userid_service` (Boolean) Userid service
- `userid_syslog_listener_ssl` (Boolean) Userid syslog listener ssl
- `userid_syslog_listener_udp` (Boolean) Userid syslog listener udp
