---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_ipsec_crypto_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_ipsec_crypto_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example of listing all IPsec Crypto Profiles within a specific folder.
data "scm_ipsec_crypto_profile_list" "scm_ipsec_crypto_profile_list_ds" {
  folder = "Prisma Access"
  limit  = 100
}

output "all_ipsec_profiles" {
  value = data.scm_ipsec_crypto_profile_list.scm_ipsec_crypto_profile_list_ds.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string begin with letter: [0-9a-zA-Z._-]
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `ah` (Attributes) Ah

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `ah` and `esp`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ah))
- `dh_group` (String) phase-2 DH group (PFS DH group)
- `esp` (Attributes) Esp

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `ah` and `esp`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--esp))
- `lifesize` (Attributes) Lifesize (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--lifesize))
- `lifetime` (Attributes) Ipsec crypto profile lifetime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--lifetime))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--ah"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ah`

Read-Only:

- `authentication` (List of String) Authentication


<a id="nestedatt--data--esp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.esp`

Read-Only:

- `authentication` (List of String) Authentication algorithm
- `encryption` (List of String) Encryption algorithm


<a id="nestedatt--data--lifesize"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.lifesize`

Read-Only:

- `gb` (Number) specify lifesize in gigabytes(GB)

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, and `tb`.
- `kb` (Number) specify lifesize in kilobytes(KB)

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, and `tb`.
- `mb` (Number) specify lifesize in megabytes(MB)

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, and `tb`.
- `tb` (Number) specify lifesize in terabytes(TB)

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, and `tb`.


<a id="nestedatt--data--lifetime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.lifetime`

Read-Only:

- `days` (Number) specify lifetime in days

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
- `hours` (Number) specify lifetime in hours

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
- `minutes` (Number) specify lifetime in minutes

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
- `seconds` (Number) specify lifetime in seconds

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds`.
