---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_ldap_server_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_ldap_server_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the LDAP server profile

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the LDAP server profile

Read-Only:

- `base` (String) The base DN
- `bind_dn` (String) The bind DN
- `bind_password` (String, Sensitive) The bind password
- `bind_timelimit` (String) The bind timeout (seconds)
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `encrypted_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) Map of sensitive values returned from the API.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `ldap_type` (String) The LDAP server time
- `retry_interval` (Number) The search retry interval (seconds)
- `server` (Attributes List) The LDAP server configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--server))
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
- `ssl` (Boolean) Require SSL/TLS secured connection?
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `timelimit` (Number) The search timeout (seconds)
- `verify_server_certificate` (Boolean) Verify server certificate for SSL sessions?

<a id="nestedatt--data--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.server`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The LDAP server IP address
- `name` (String) The LDAP server name
- `port` (Number) The LDAP server port
