---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_lldp_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_lldp_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) LLDP profile name
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) LLDP mode
- `option_tlvs` (Attributes) Option tlvs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--option_tlvs))
- `snmp_syslog_notification` (Boolean) SNMP syslog notification
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--option_tlvs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.option_tlvs`

Read-Only:

- `management_address` (Attributes) Management address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--option_tlvs--management_address))
- `port_description` (Boolean) Option TLV Port Description
- `system_capabilities` (Boolean) Option TLV System Capabilities
- `system_description` (Boolean) Option TLV System Description
- `system_name` (Boolean) Option TLV System Name

<a id="nestedatt--data--option_tlvs--management_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.option_tlvs.management_address`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Management address enabled
- `iplist` (Attributes List) Iplist (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--option_tlvs--management_address--iplist))

<a id="nestedatt--data--option_tlvs--management_address--iplist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.option_tlvs.management_address.iplist`

Read-Only:

- `interface` (String) Interface
- `ipv4` (String) IPv4 Address
- `ipv6` (String) IPv6 Address
- `name` (String) Name
