---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_management_interface_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_management_interface_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_management_interface_list" "all_settings" {
  # The 'folder' is required to specify where to look for the setting.
  folder = "All"
}

# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# OUTPUT: Display the fetched list data
# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

output "fetched_setting_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of settings retrieved by the SCM Management Interface List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_settings_fetched = data.scm_management_interface_list.all_settings.total
    value                     = data.scm_management_interface_list.all_settings.data[0]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `management_interface` (Attributes) Management interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--management_interface))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--management_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.management_interface`

Read-Only:

- `mgmt_type` (Attributes) IP type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--management_interface--mgmt_type))
- `mtu` (Number) MTU
- `permitted_ip` (Attributes List) Permitting IP addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--management_interface--permitted_ip))
- `service` (Attributes) Network services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--management_interface--service))
- `speed_duplex` (String) Speed and duplex

<a id="nestedatt--data--management_interface--mgmt_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.management_interface.mgmt_type`

Read-Only:

- `dhcp_client` (Attributes) Dhcp client
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dhcp_client` and `static`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--management_interface--mgmt_type--dhcp_client))
- `static` (Attributes) Static
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dhcp_client` and `static`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--management_interface--mgmt_type--static))

<a id="nestedatt--data--management_interface--mgmt_type--dhcp_client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.management_interface.mgmt_type.dhcp_client`

Read-Only:

- `accept_dhcp_domain` (Boolean) Accept DHCP server provided domain name
- `accept_dhcp_hostname` (Boolean) Accept DHCP server provided hostname
- `send_client_id` (Boolean) Send client ID
- `send_hostname` (Boolean) Send hostname


<a id="nestedatt--data--management_interface--mgmt_type--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.management_interface.mgmt_type.static`

Read-Only:

- `default_gateway` (String) Default gateway
- `ip_address` (String) IP address
- `netmask` (String) Netmask



<a id="nestedatt--data--management_interface--permitted_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.management_interface.permitted_ip`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description
- `name` (String) IP address


<a id="nestedatt--data--management_interface--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.management_interface.service`

Read-Only:

- `disable_http` (Boolean) HTTP
- `disable_http_ocsp` (Boolean) HTTP OCSP
- `disable_https` (Boolean) HTTPS
- `disable_icmp` (Boolean) Ping
- `disable_snmp` (Boolean) SNMP
- `disable_ssh` (Boolean) SSH
- `disable_telnet` (Boolean) Telnet
- `disable_userid_service` (Boolean) User-ID
- `disable_userid_syslog_listener_ssl` (Boolean) User-ID syslog listener over SSL
- `disable_userid_syslog_listener_udp` (Boolean) User-ID syslog listener over UDP
