---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_nat_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_nat_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Define a data source for listing NAT rules
data "scm_nat_rule_list" "paged_nat_rules_list" {
  folder   = "All"
  limit    = 10
  offset   = 10
  position = "pre"
}

# --- Output Block to Print Retrieved Data ---

output "fetched_NAT_rule_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of rules retrieved by the SCM NAT Rule List data source."
  value = {
    total_rules_in_list = data.scm_nat_rule_list.paged_nat_rules_list.total
    # Access the 'data' attribute (which contains the list of rules)
    all_rules = data.scm_nat_rule_list.paged_nat_rules_list.data
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `position` (String) The relative position of the rule

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `name` (String) NAT rule name
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

Read-Only:

- `active_active_device_binding` (String) Active active device binding
- `description` (String) NAT rule description
- `destination` (List of String) Destination address(es) of the original packet
- `destination_translation` (Attributes) Destination translation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--destination_translation))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable NAT rule?
- `dynamic_destination_translation` (Attributes) Dynamic destination translation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dynamic_destination_translation))
- `from` (List of String) Source zone(s) of the original packet
- `nat_type` (String) NAT type
- `position` (String) The relative position of the rule
- `service` (String) The service of the original packet
- `source` (List of String) Source address(es) of the original packet
- `source_translation` (Attributes) Source translation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source_translation))
- `tag` (List of String) NAT rule tags
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `to` (List of String) Destination zone of the original packet
- `to_interface` (String) Destination interface of the original packet

<a id="nestedatt--data--destination_translation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.destination_translation`

Read-Only:

- `dns_rewrite` (Attributes) DNS rewrite (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--destination_translation--dns_rewrite))
- `translated_address` (String) Translated destination IP address
- `translated_port` (Number) Translated destination port

<a id="nestedatt--data--destination_translation--dns_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.destination_translation.dns_rewrite`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) Direction



<a id="nestedatt--data--dynamic_destination_translation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dynamic_destination_translation`

Read-Only:

- `distribution` (String) Distribution method
- `translated_address` (String) Translated destination IP address
- `translated_port` (Number) Translated destination port


<a id="nestedatt--data--source_translation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source_translation`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic_ip` (Attributes) Dynamic IP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip))
- `dynamic_ip_and_port` (Attributes) Dynamic IP and port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip_and_port))
- `static_ip` (Attributes) Static IP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source_translation--static_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source_translation.dynamic_ip`

Read-Only:

- `fallback` (Attributes) Fallback (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip--fallback))
- `translated_address` (List of String) Translated IP addresses

<a id="nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip--fallback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source_translation.dynamic_ip.fallback`

Read-Only:

- `interface_address` (Attributes) Fallback interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip--fallback--interface_address))
- `translated_address` (List of String) Fallback IP addresses

<a id="nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip--fallback--interface_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source_translation.dynamic_ip.fallback.interface_address`

Read-Only:

- `floating_ip` (String) Floating IP address
- `interface` (String) Interface name
- `ip` (String) IP address




<a id="nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip_and_port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source_translation.dynamic_ip_and_port`

Read-Only:

- `interface_address` (Attributes) Translated source interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip_and_port--interface_address))
- `translated_address` (List of String) Translated source IP addresses

<a id="nestedatt--data--source_translation--dynamic_ip_and_port--interface_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source_translation.dynamic_ip_and_port.interface_address`

Read-Only:

- `floating_ip` (String) Floating IP address
- `interface` (String) Interface name
- `ip` (String) Translated source IP address



<a id="nestedatt--data--source_translation--static_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.source_translation.static_ip`

Read-Only:

- `bi_directional` (String) Bi directional
- `translated_address` (String) Translated IP address
