---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_ospf_auth_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_ospf_auth_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Profile name

Read-Only:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `encrypted_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) Map of sensitive values returned from the API.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `md5` (Attributes List) MD5s

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `md5` and `password`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--md5))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `md5` and `password`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--md5"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.md5`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String, Sensitive) MD5 hash
- `name` (Number) Key ID
- `preferred` (Boolean) Preferred?
