---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_pbf_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_pbf_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Define a data source for listing pbf rules
data "scm_pbf_rule_list" "paged_pbf_rules_list" {
  folder = "All"
  limit  = 10


}

# --- Output Block to Print Retrieved Data ---

output "fetched_pbf_rule_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of rules retrieved by the SCM PBF Rule List data source."
  value = {
    total_rules_in_list = data.scm_pbf_rule_list.paged_pbf_rules_list.total
    # Access the 'data' attribute (which contains the list of rules)
    all_rules = data.scm_pbf_rule_list.paged_pbf_rules_list.data
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) PBF rule name

Read-Only:

- `action` (Attributes) Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action))
- `application` (List of String) Applications
- `description` (String) Description
- `destination` (List of String) Destination addresses
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `enforce_symmetric_return` (Attributes) Enforce symmetric return (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--enforce_symmetric_return))
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `from` (Attributes) From (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--from))
- `schedule` (String) Schedule
- `service` (List of String) Services
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `source` (List of String) Source addresses
- `source_user` (List of String) Source users
- `tag` (List of String) Tags
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action`

Read-Only:

- `discard` (Attributes) Discard

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `discard`, `forward`, and `no_pbf`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action--discard))
- `forward` (Attributes) Forward

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `discard`, `forward`, and `no_pbf`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action--forward))
- `no_pbf` (Attributes) No pbf

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `discard`, `forward`, and `no_pbf`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action--no_pbf))

<a id="nestedatt--data--action--discard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action.discard`


<a id="nestedatt--data--action--forward"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action.forward`

Read-Only:

- `egress_interface` (String) Egress interface
- `monitor` (Attributes) Monitor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action--forward--monitor))
- `nexthop` (Attributes) Nexthop (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action--forward--nexthop))

<a id="nestedatt--data--action--forward--monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action.forward.monitor`

Read-Only:

- `disable_if_unreachable` (Boolean) Disable this rule if nexthop/monitor ip is unreachable?
- `ip_address` (String) Monitor IP address
- `profile` (String) Monitoring profile


<a id="nestedatt--data--action--forward--nexthop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action.forward.nexthop`

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) Next hop FQDN

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `fqdn` and `ip_address`.
- `ip_address` (String) Next hop IP address

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `fqdn` and `ip_address`.



<a id="nestedatt--data--action--no_pbf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action.no_pbf`



<a id="nestedatt--data--enforce_symmetric_return"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.enforce_symmetric_return`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enforce symmetric return?
- `nexthop_address_list` (Attributes List) Next hop IP addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--enforce_symmetric_return--nexthop_address_list))

<a id="nestedatt--data--enforce_symmetric_return--nexthop_address_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.enforce_symmetric_return.nexthop_address_list`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Next hop IP address



<a id="nestedatt--data--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.from`

Read-Only:

- `interface` (List of String) Source interfaces

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `interface` and `zone`.
- `zone` (List of String) Source zones

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `interface` and `zone`.
