---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_profile_group_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_profile_group_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the profile group

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the profile group
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `ai_security` (List of String) Ai security
- `data_filtering` (List of String) Data filtering
- `dns_security` (List of String) Dns security
- `file_blocking` (List of String) File blocking
- `saas_security` (List of String) Saas security
- `spyware` (List of String) Spyware
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `url_filtering` (List of String) Url filtering
- `virus_and_wildfire_analysis` (List of String) Virus and wildfire analysis
- `vulnerability` (List of String) Vulnerability
