---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_qos_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_qos_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string begin with letter: [0-9a-zA-Z._-]
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `aggregate_bandwidth` (Attributes) Aggregate bandwidth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--aggregate_bandwidth))
- `class_bandwidth_type` (Attributes) Class bandwidth type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--aggregate_bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.aggregate_bandwidth`

Read-Only:

- `egress_guaranteed` (Number) guaranteed sending bandwidth in mbps
- `egress_max` (Number) max sending bandwidth in mbps


<a id="nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.class_bandwidth_type`

Read-Only:

- `mbps` (Attributes) Mbps
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `mbps` and `percentage`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--mbps))
- `percentage` (Attributes) Percentage
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `mbps` and `percentage`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--percentage))

<a id="nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--mbps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.class_bandwidth_type.mbps`

Read-Only:

- `class` (Attributes List) QoS setting for traffic classes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--mbps--class))

<a id="nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--mbps--class"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.class_bandwidth_type.mbps.class`

Read-Only:

- `class_bandwidth` (Attributes) Class bandwidth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--mbps--class--class_bandwidth))
- `name` (String) Traffic class
- `priority` (String) traffic class priority

<a id="nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--mbps--class--class_bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.class_bandwidth_type.mbps.class.class_bandwidth`

Read-Only:

- `egress_guaranteed` (Number) guaranteed sending bandwidth in mbps
- `egress_max` (Number) max sending bandwidth in mbps




<a id="nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--percentage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.class_bandwidth_type.percentage`

Read-Only:

- `class` (Attributes List) QoS setting for traffic classes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--percentage--class))

<a id="nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--percentage--class"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.class_bandwidth_type.percentage.class`

Read-Only:

- `class_bandwidth` (Attributes) Class bandwidth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--percentage--class--class_bandwidth))
- `name` (String) Traffic class
- `priority` (String) traffic class priority

<a id="nestedatt--data--class_bandwidth_type--percentage--class--class_bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.class_bandwidth_type.percentage.class.class_bandwidth`

Read-Only:

- `egress_guaranteed` (Number) guaranteed sending bandwidth in percentage
- `egress_max` (Number) max sending bandwidth in percentage
