---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_qos_policy_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_qos_policy_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_qos_policy_rule_list" "paged_rules_list" {
  folder   = "All"
  offset   = 10
  position = "pre"
}

output "fetched_rule_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of rules retrieved by the SCM QOS Policy Rule List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_rules_fetched = data.scm_qos_policy_rule_list.paged_rules_list.total
    # We access the list of rules using the 'data' attribute, and then take the first one
    first_rule_name = data.scm_qos_policy_rule_list.paged_rules_list.data[0].name
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `position` (String) The relative position of the rule

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Name
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `action` (Attributes) Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action))
- `description` (String) Description
- `dscp_tos` (Attributes) Dscp tos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos))
- `position` (String) The relative position of the rule
- `relative_position` (String) Relative positioning rule. String must be one of these: `"before"`, `"after"`, `"top"`, `"bottom"`. If not specified, rule is created at the bottom of the ruleset.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule
- `target_rule` (String) The name or UUID of the rule to position this rule relative to. Required when `relative_position` is `"before"` or `"after"`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String) Class


<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos`

Read-Only:

- `codepoints` (Attributes List) Codepoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints))

<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name
- `type` (Attributes) Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints.type`

Read-Only:

- `af` (Attributes) Af

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `af`, `cs`, `custom`, `ef`, and `tos`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--af))
- `cs` (Attributes) Cs

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `af`, `cs`, `custom`, `ef`, and `tos`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--cs))
- `custom` (Attributes) Custom

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `af`, `cs`, `custom`, `ef`, and `tos`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--custom))
- `ef` (Attributes) Ef

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `af`, `cs`, `custom`, `ef`, and `tos`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--ef))
- `tos` (Attributes) Tos

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `af`, `cs`, `custom`, `ef`, and `tos`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--tos))

<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--af"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints.type.af`

Read-Only:

- `codepoint` (String) Codepoint


<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--cs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints.type.cs`

Read-Only:

- `codepoint` (String) Codepoint


<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints.type.custom`

Read-Only:

- `codepoint` (Attributes) Codepoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--custom--codepoint))

<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--custom--codepoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints.type.custom.codepoint`

Read-Only:

- `binary_value` (String) Binary value
- `codepoint_name` (String) Codepoint name



<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--ef"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints.type.ef`


<a id="nestedatt--data--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--tos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dscp_tos.codepoints.type.tos`

Read-Only:

- `codepoint` (String) Codepoint
