---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_remote_network_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_remote_network_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# Data source to retrieve a list of remote_network objects.
#

# Look up a list of Remote Networks, filtering by folder.
data "scm_remote_network_list" "example" {
  folder = "Remote Networks"
}

# Output the list of Remote Network objects found.
# We access the ".data" attribute which contains the list.
output "remote_network_list" {
  description = "A list of Remote Network objects."
  value       = [for network in data.scm_remote_network_list.example.data : network.name]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the remote network

Optional:

- `folder` (String) The folder that contains the remote network
- `name` (String) The name of the remote network

Read-Only:

- `ecmp_load_balancing` (String) Ecmp load balancing
- `ecmp_tunnels` (Attributes List) ecmp_tunnels is required when ecmp_load_balancing is enable (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ecmp_tunnels))
- `encrypted_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) Map of sensitive values returned from the API.
- `ipsec_tunnel` (String) ipsec_tunnel is required when ecmp_load_balancing is disable
- `license_type` (String) New customer will only be on aggregate bandwidth licensing
- `protocol` (Attributes) setup the protocol when ecmp_load_balancing is disable (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol))
- `region` (String) Region
- `secondary_ipsec_tunnel` (String) specify secondary ipsec_tunnel if needed
- `spn_name` (String) spn-name is needed when license_type is FWAAS-AGGREGATE
- `subnets` (List of String) Subnets
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--ecmp_tunnels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ecmp_tunnels`

Read-Only:

- `ipsec_tunnel` (String) Ipsec tunnel
- `name` (String) Name
- `protocol` (Attributes) Protocol (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ecmp_tunnels--protocol))

<a id="nestedatt--data--ecmp_tunnels--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ecmp_tunnels.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `bgp` (Attributes) Bgp (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ecmp_tunnels--protocol--bgp))

<a id="nestedatt--data--ecmp_tunnels--protocol--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ecmp_tunnels.protocol.bgp`

Read-Only:

- `do_not_export_routes` (Boolean) Do not export routes?
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable BGP peering?
- `local_ip_address` (String) Local peer IP address
- `originate_default_route` (Boolean) Originate default route?
- `peer_as` (String) BGP peer ASN
- `peer_ip_address` (String) Remote peer IP address
- `peering_type` (String) Route exchange types
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) BGP peering secret
- `summarize_mobile_user_routes` (Boolean) Summarize mobile user routes?




<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `bgp` (Attributes) Bgp (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--bgp))
- `bgp_peer` (Attributes) secondary bgp routing as bgp_peer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--bgp_peer))

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.bgp`

Read-Only:

- `do_not_export_routes` (Boolean) Do not export routes?
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable BGP peering?
- `local_ip_address` (String) Local peer IP address
- `originate_default_route` (Boolean) Originate default route?
- `peer_as` (String) BGP peer ASN
- `peer_ip_address` (String) Remote peer IP address
- `peering_type` (String) Route exchange types
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) BGP peering secret
- `summarize_mobile_user_routes` (Boolean) Summarize mobile user routes?


<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--bgp_peer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.bgp_peer`

Read-Only:

- `local_ip_address` (String) Local peer IP address (secondary WAN)
- `peer_ip_address` (String) Remote peer IP address (secondary WAN)
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) BGP peering secret (secondary WAN)
