---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_route_community_list_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_route_community_list_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Route community list name

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `type` (Attributes) Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type`

Read-Only:

- `extended` (Attributes) Extended

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `extended`, `large`, and `regular`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--extended))
- `large` (Attributes) Large

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `extended`, `large`, and `regular`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--large))
- `regular` (Attributes) Regular

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `extended`, `large`, and `regular`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--regular))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--extended"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.extended`

Read-Only:

- `extended_entry` (Attributes List) Extended community lists (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--extended--extended_entry))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--extended--extended_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.extended.extended_entry`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action
- `lc_regex` (List of String) Extended community regular expression
- `name` (Number) Sequence number



<a id="nestedatt--data--type--large"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.large`

Read-Only:

- `large_entry` (Attributes List) Large community lists (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--large--large_entry))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--large--large_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.large.large_entry`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action
- `lc_regex` (List of String) Large community regular expression
- `name` (Number) Sequence number



<a id="nestedatt--data--type--regular"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.regular`

Read-Only:

- `regular_entry` (Attributes List) Regular community lists (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--regular--regular_entry))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--regular--regular_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.regular.regular_entry`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action
- `community` (List of String) Communities
- `name` (Number) Sequence number
