---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_route_access_list_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_route_access_list_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Route access list name

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `type` (Attributes) Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Attributes) Ipv4 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--ipv4))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4_entry` (Attributes List) IPv4 access lists (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.ipv4.ipv4_entry`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action
- `destination_address` (Attributes) Destination address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--destination_address))
- `name` (Number) Sequence number
- `source_address` (Attributes) Source address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--source_address))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--destination_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.ipv4.ipv4_entry.destination_address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Destination IP address
- `entry` (Attributes) Entry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--destination_address--entry))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--destination_address--entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.ipv4.ipv4_entry.destination_address.entry`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Destination IP address
- `wildcard` (String) Destination IP wildcard



<a id="nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--source_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.ipv4.ipv4_entry.source_address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Source IP address
- `entry` (Attributes) Entry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--source_address--entry))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type--ipv4--ipv4_entry--source_address--entry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type.ipv4.ipv4_entry.source_address.entry`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Source IP address
- `wildcard` (String) Source IP wildcard
