---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_saml_server_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_saml_server_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# Data source to retrieve a list of SCM SAML Server Profile objects.
#

# Fetch a list of all SCM SAML Server Profile in the "All" folder.
data "scm_saml_server_profile_list" "all_shared" {
  folder = "All"
}

# Output the list of all SCM SAML Server Profile objects from the "All" folder.
output "scm_saml_server_profile_list_all_shared" {
  description = "A list of all SCM SAML Server Profile from the All folder."
  value       = data.scm_saml_server_profile_list.all_shared.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the SAML server profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the SAML server profile
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) The identity provider certificate
- `entity_id` (String) The identity provider ID
- `max_clock_skew` (Number) Maxiumum clock skew
- `slo_bindings` (String) SAML HTTP binding for SLO requests to the identity provider
- `slo_url` (String) Identity provider SLO URL
- `sso_bindings` (String) SAML HTTP binding for SSO requests to the identity provider
- `sso_url` (String) Identity provider SSO URL
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `validate_idp_certificate` (Boolean) Validate the identity provider certificate?
- `want_auth_requests_signed` (Boolean) Sign SAML message to the identity provider?
