---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_scep_profile Data Source - scm"
subcategory "NetSec"
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_scep_profile (Data Source)

Retrieves a config item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_scep_profile" "example" {
  id = "1234-56-789"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The Id param.

### Read-Only

- `algorithm` (Attributes) The Algorithm param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--algorithm))
- `ca_identity_name` (String) The CaIdentityName param.
- `certificate_attributes` (Attributes) The CertificateAttributes param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_attributes))
- `digest` (String) The Digest param.
- `fingerprint` (String) The Fingerprint param.
- `name` (String) alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-]. String length must not exceed 31 characters.
- `scep_ca_cert` (String) The ScepCaCert param.
- `scep_challenge` (Attributes) The ScepChallenge param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scep_challenge))
- `scep_client_cert` (String) The ScepClientCert param.
- `scep_url` (String) The ScepUrl param.
- `subject` (String) The Subject param.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `use_as_digital_signature` (Boolean) The UseAsDigitalSignature param.
- `use_for_key_encipherment` (Boolean) The UseForKeyEncipherment param.

<a id="nestedatt--algorithm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm`

Read-Only:

- `rsa` (Attributes) The Rsa param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--algorithm--rsa))

<a id="nestedatt--algorithm--rsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm.rsa`

Read-Only:

- `rsa_nbits` (String) The RsaNbits param.



<a id="nestedatt--certificate_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `dnsname` (String) The Dnsname param.
- `rfc822name` (String) The Rfc822name param.
- `uniform_resource_identifier` (String) The UniformResourceIdentifier param.


<a id="nestedatt--scep_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scep_challenge`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic_challenge` (Attributes) The DynamicChallenge param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scep_challenge--dynamic_challenge))
- `fixed` (String) Challenge to use for SCEP server on mobile clients. String length must not exceed 1024 characters.
- `none` (String) The None param. String must be one of these: `""`.

<a id="nestedatt--scep_challenge--dynamic_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scep_challenge.dynamic_challenge`

Read-Only:

- `otp_server_url` (String) The OtpServerUrl param. String length must not exceed 255 characters.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The Password param. String length must not exceed 255 characters.
- `username` (String) The Username param. String length must not exceed 255 characters.
