---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_scep_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_scep_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# Data source to retrieve a list of SCM SCEP Profile objects.
#

# Example: Fetch a list of all SCM SCEP Profile in the "All" folder.
data "scm_scep_profile_list" "all_shared" {
  folder = "All"
}

# Output the list of all SCM SCEP Profile objects from the "All" folder.
output "scm_scep_profile_list_all_shared" {
  description = "A list of all SCM SCEP Profiles from the All folder."
  value       = data.scm_scep_profile_list.all_shared.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the SCEP profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the SCEP profile
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (Attributes) Algorithm (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--algorithm))
- `ca_identity_name` (String) Certificate Authority Identity
- `certificate_attributes` (Attributes) Subject Alternative name type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--certificate_attributes))
- `digest` (String) Digest for CSR
- `encrypted_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) Map of sensitive values returned from the API.
- `fingerprint` (String) CA Certificate Fingerprint
- `scep_ca_cert` (String) SCEP Server CA Certificate
- `scep_challenge` (Attributes) One Time Password Challenge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--scep_challenge))
- `scep_client_cert` (String) SCEP Client Certificate
- `scep_url` (String) SCEP server URL
- `subject` (String) Subject
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `use_as_digital_signature` (Boolean) Use as digital signature?
- `use_for_key_encipherment` (Boolean) Use for key encipherment?

<a id="nestedatt--data--algorithm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.algorithm`

Read-Only:

- `rsa` (Attributes) Key length (bits) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--algorithm--rsa))

<a id="nestedatt--data--algorithm--rsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.algorithm.rsa`

Read-Only:

- `rsa_nbits` (String) Rsa nbits



<a id="nestedatt--data--certificate_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.certificate_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `dnsname` (String) Dnsname

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dnsname`, `rfc822name`, and `uniform_resource_identifier`.
- `rfc822name` (String) Rfc822name

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dnsname`, `rfc822name`, and `uniform_resource_identifier`.
- `uniform_resource_identifier` (String) Uniform resource identifier

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dnsname`, `rfc822name`, and `uniform_resource_identifier`.


<a id="nestedatt--data--scep_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.scep_challenge`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic` (Attributes) Dynamic

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dynamic`, `fixed`, and `none`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--scep_challenge--dynamic))
- `fixed` (String) Challenge to use for SCEP server on mobile clients

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dynamic`, `fixed`, and `none`.
- `none` (Attributes) No OTP

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dynamic`, `fixed`, and `none`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--scep_challenge--none))

<a id="nestedatt--data--scep_challenge--dynamic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.scep_challenge.dynamic`

Read-Only:

- `otp_server_url` (String) OTP server URL
- `password` (String, Sensitive) OTP password
- `username` (String) OTP username


<a id="nestedatt--data--scep_challenge--none"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.scep_challenge.none`
