---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_sdwan_path_quality_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_sdwan_path_quality_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Profile name

Read-Only:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `metric` (Attributes) Metric (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--metric))
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--metric"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.metric`

Read-Only:

- `jitter` (Attributes) Jitter (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--metric--jitter))
- `latency` (Attributes) Latency (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--metric--latency))
- `pkt_loss` (Attributes) Pkt loss (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--metric--pkt_loss))

<a id="nestedatt--data--metric--jitter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.metric.jitter`

Read-Only:

- `sensitivity` (String) Jitter sensitivity
- `threshold` (Number) Jitter threshold (ms)


<a id="nestedatt--data--metric--latency"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.metric.latency`

Read-Only:

- `sensitivity` (String) Latency sensitivity
- `threshold` (Number) Latency threshold (ms)


<a id="nestedatt--data--metric--pkt_loss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.metric.pkt_loss`

Read-Only:

- `sensitivity` (String) Packet loss sensitivity
- `threshold` (Number) Packet loss threshold (percentage)
