---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_sdwan_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_sdwan_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Rule name

Read-Only:

- `action` (Attributes) Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action))
- `application` (List of String) List of applications
- `description` (String) Rule description
- `destination` (List of String) List of destination addresses
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable rule?
- `error_correction_profile` (String) Error correction profile
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `from` (List of String) List of source zones
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Negate destination address(es)?
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Negate source address(es)?
- `path_quality_profile` (String) Path quality profile
- `position` (String) Rule postion relative to device rules
- `saas_quality_profile` (String) SaaS quality profile
- `service` (List of String) List of services
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `source` (List of String) List of source addresses
- `source_user` (List of String) List of source users
- `tag` (List of String) List of tags
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `to` (List of String) List of destination zones

<a id="nestedatt--data--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action`

Read-Only:

- `traffic_distribution_profile` (String) Traffic dstribution profile
