---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_sdwan_saas_quality_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_sdwan_saas_quality_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) Profile name

Read-Only:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `monitor_mode` (Attributes) Monitor mode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--monitor_mode))
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--monitor_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.monitor_mode`

Read-Only:

- `adaptive` (Attributes) Adaptive

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `adaptive`, `http_https`, and `static_ip`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--adaptive))
- `http_https` (Attributes) Http https

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `adaptive`, `http_https`, and `static_ip`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--http_https))
- `static_ip` (Attributes) Static ip

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `adaptive`, `http_https`, and `static_ip`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--static_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--adaptive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.monitor_mode.adaptive`


<a id="nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--http_https"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.monitor_mode.http_https`

Read-Only:

- `monitored_url` (String) Monitored URL
- `probe_interval` (Number) Probe interval (seconds)


<a id="nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--static_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.monitor_mode.static_ip`

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (Attributes) Fqdn

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `fqdn` and `ip_address`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--static_ip--fqdn))
- `ip_address` (Attributes List) List of IP addresses

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `fqdn` and `ip_address`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--static_ip--ip_address))

<a id="nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--static_ip--fqdn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.monitor_mode.static_ip.fqdn`

Read-Only:

- `fqdn_name` (String) FQDN
- `probe_interval` (Number) Probe interval (seconds)


<a id="nestedatt--data--monitor_mode--static_ip--ip_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.monitor_mode.static_ip.ip_address`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) IP address
- `probe_interval` (Number) Probe interval (seconds)
