---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_sdwan_error_correction_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_sdwan_error_correction_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Name
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `activation_threshold` (Number) Activation threshold
- `mode` (Attributes) Mode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--mode))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.mode`

Read-Only:

- `forward_error_correction` (Attributes) Forward error correction
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `forward_error_correction` and `packet_duplication`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--mode--forward_error_correction))
- `packet_duplication` (Attributes) Packet duplication
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `forward_error_correction` and `packet_duplication`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--mode--packet_duplication))

<a id="nestedatt--data--mode--forward_error_correction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.mode.forward_error_correction`

Read-Only:

- `ratio` (String) Ratio
- `recovery_duration` (Number) Recovery duration


<a id="nestedatt--data--mode--packet_duplication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.mode.packet_duplication`

Read-Only:

- `recovery_duration_pd` (Number) Recovery duration pd
