---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_security_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_security_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_security_rule_list" "paged_rules_list" {
  folder   = "All"
  position = "pre"
}

output "fetched_rule_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of rules retrieved by the SCM Security Rule List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_rules_fetched = data.scm_security_rule_list.paged_rules_list.total
    # We access the list of rules using the 'data' attribute, and then take the first one
    first_rule_name = data.scm_security_rule_list.paged_rules_list.data[0].name
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `position` (String) The position of a security rule

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the security rule

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `name` (String) The name of the security rule
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action to be taken when the rule is matched
- `allow_url_category` (Attributes List) Allow url category (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_url_category))
- `allow_web_application` (Attributes List) Allow web application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_web_application))
- `application` (List of String) The application(s) being accessed
- `block_url_category` (List of String) Block url category
- `block_web_application` (List of String) Block web application
- `category` (List of String) The URL categories being accessed
- `default_profile_settings` (Attributes) Default profile settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--default_profile_settings))
- `description` (String) The description of the security rule
- `destination` (List of String) The destination address(es)
- `destination_hip` (List of String) The destination Host Integrity Profile(s)
- `devices` (List of String) Devices
- `disabled` (Boolean) Is the security rule disabled?
- `from` (List of String) The source security zone(s)
- `log_end` (Boolean) Log at session end?
- `log_setting` (String) The external log forwarding profile
- `log_settings` (Attributes) Log settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--log_settings))
- `log_start` (Boolean) Log at session start?
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Negate the destination addresses(es)?
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Negate the source address(es)?
- `negate_user` (Boolean) Negate user
- `policy_type` (String) Policy type
- `position` (String) The position of a security rule
- `profile_setting` (Attributes) The security profile object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--profile_setting))
- `relative_position` (String) Relative positioning rule. String must be one of these: `"before"`, `"after"`, `"top"`, `"bottom"`. If not specified, rule is created at the bottom of the ruleset.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule in which this rule will be applied
- `security_settings` (Attributes) Security settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--security_settings))
- `service` (List of String) The service(s) being accessed
- `source` (List of String) The source addresses(es)
- `source_hip` (List of String) The source Host Integrity Profile(s)
- `source_user` (List of String) List of source users and/or groups.  Reserved words include `any`, `pre-login`, `known-user`, and `unknown`.
- `tag` (List of String) The tags associated with the security rule
- `target_rule` (String) The name or UUID of the rule to position this rule relative to. Required when `relative_position` is `"before"` or `"after"`.
- `tenant_restrictions` (List of String) Tenant restrictions
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `to` (List of String) The destination security zone(s)

<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_url_category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_url_category`

Read-Only:

- `additional_action` (String) Additional action
- `credential_enforcement` (String) Credential enforcement
- `decryption` (String) Decryption
- `dlp` (String) Dlp
- `file_control` (Attributes) File control (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_url_category--file_control))
- `isolation_profiles` (String) Isolation profiles
- `name` (String) Name

<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_url_category--file_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_url_category.file_control`

Read-Only:

- `download` (String) Download
- `upload` (String) Upload



<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_web_application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_web_application`

Read-Only:

- `application_function` (List of String) Application function
- `dlp` (String) Dlp
- `file_control` (Attributes) File control (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--file_control))
- `name` (String) Name
- `saas_enterprise_control` (Attributes) Saas enterprise control (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--saas_enterprise_control))
- `saas_tenant_list` (List of String) Saas tenant list
- `saas_user_list` (List of String) Saas user list
- `tenant_control` (Attributes) Tenant control (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--tenant_control))
- `type` (String) Type

<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--file_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_web_application.file_control`

Read-Only:

- `download` (String) Download
- `upload` (String) Upload


<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--saas_enterprise_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_web_application.saas_enterprise_control`

Read-Only:

- `consumer_access` (Attributes) Consumer access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--saas_enterprise_control--consumer_access))
- `enterprise_access` (Attributes) Enterprise access (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--saas_enterprise_control--enterprise_access))

<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--saas_enterprise_control--consumer_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_web_application.saas_enterprise_control.consumer_access`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (String) Enable


<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--saas_enterprise_control--enterprise_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_web_application.saas_enterprise_control.enterprise_access`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (String) Enable
- `tenant_restrictions` (List of String) Tenant restrictions



<a id="nestedatt--data--allow_web_application--tenant_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.allow_web_application.tenant_control`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_activities` (List of String) Allowed activities
- `blocked_activities` (List of String) Blocked activities
- `parent_application` (String) Parent application
- `tenants` (List of String) Tenants



<a id="nestedatt--data--default_profile_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.default_profile_settings`

Read-Only:

- `dlp` (String) Dlp
- `file_control` (Attributes) File control (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--default_profile_settings--file_control))

<a id="nestedatt--data--default_profile_settings--file_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.default_profile_settings.file_control`

Read-Only:

- `download` (String) Download
- `upload` (String) Upload



<a id="nestedatt--data--log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.log_settings`

Read-Only:

- `log_sessions` (Boolean) Log sessions


<a id="nestedatt--data--profile_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.profile_setting`

Read-Only:

- `group` (List of String) The security profile group


<a id="nestedatt--data--security_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.security_settings`

Read-Only:

- `anti_spyware` (String) Anti spyware
- `virus_and_wildfire_analysis` (String) Virus and wildfire analysis
- `vulnerability` (String) Vulnerability
