---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_service_route_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_service_route_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_service_route_list" "all_settings" {
  # The 'folder' is required to specify where to look for the setting.
  folder = "ngfw-shared"
}

# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# OUTPUT: Display the fetched list data
# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

output "fetched_setting_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of settings retrieved by the SCM Service Route List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_settings_fetched = data.scm_service_route_list.all_settings.total
    value                     = data.scm_service_route_list.all_settings.data[0]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `route` (Attributes) Route (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--route))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.route`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Attributes List) Destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--route--destination))
- `service` (Attributes List) Service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--route--service))

<a id="nestedatt--data--route--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.route.destination`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name
- `source` (Attributes) Source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--route--destination--source))

<a id="nestedatt--data--route--destination--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.route.destination.source`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address
- `interface` (String) Interface



<a id="nestedatt--data--route--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.route.service`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The follow list details the accepted `name` values and their corresponding service description.
- `autofocus` = AutoFocus Cloud
- `crl-status` = CRL servers
- `data-services` = Data Services
- `ddns` = DDNS server(s)
- `deployments` = Panorama pushed updates
- `dns` = DNS server(s)
- `edl-updates` = External Dynamic List update server
- `email` = SMTP gateway(s)
- `hsm` = Hardware Security Module server(s)
- `http` = HTTP Forwarding server(s)
- `iot` = IOT service-route
- `kerberos` = Kerberos server
- `ldap` = LDAP server
- `mdm` = MDM servers
- `mfa` = Multi-Factor Authentication
- `netflow` = Netflow server(s)
- `ntp` = NTP server(s)
- `paloalto-networks-services` = Palo Alto Networks Services
- `panorama` = Panorama server
- `panorama-log-forwarding` = Panorama Log Forwarding
- `proxy` = Proxy server
- `radius` = RADIUS server
- `scep` = SCEP
- `snmp` = SNMP server(s)
- `syslog` = Syslog server(s)
- `tacplus` = TACACS+ server
- `uid-`agent = UID agent(s)
- `url-`updates = URL update server
- `vmmonitor` = VM monitor
- `wildfire-`private = WildFire Appliance
- `ztp` = ZTP and Auto-VPN DDNS
- `source` (Attributes) Source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--route--service--source))
- `source_v6` (Attributes) Source v6 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--route--service--source_v6))

<a id="nestedatt--data--route--service--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.route.service.source`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address
- `interface` (String) Interface


<a id="nestedatt--data--route--service--source_v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.route.service.source_v6`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address
- `interface` (String) Interface
