---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_service_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_service_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `limit` (Number) The Limit param. A limit of -1 will return all configured items. Default: `200`.
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `offset` (Number) The Offset param. Default: `0`.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The Data param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The Total param.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The Description param. String length must not exceed 1023 characters.
- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-]. String length must not exceed 63 characters.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The Protocol param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol))
- `tags` (List of String) Tags for service object. List must contain at most 64 elements.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `tcp` (Attributes) The Tcp param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) The Udp param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.tcp`

Read-Only:

- `override` (Attributes) The Override param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--tcp--override))
- `port` (String) The Port param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.
- `source_port` (String) The SourcePort param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--tcp--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.tcp.source_port`

Read-Only:

- `halfclose_timeout` (Number) tcp session half-close timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 604800. Default: `120`.
- `timeout` (Number) tcp session timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 604800. Default: `3600`.
- `timewait_timeout` (Number) tcp session time-wait timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 600. Default: `15`.



<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.udp`

Read-Only:

- `override` (Attributes) The Override param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--udp--override))
- `port` (String) The Port param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.
- `source_port` (String) The SourcePort param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--udp--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.udp.source_port`

Read-Only:

- `timeout` (Number) udp session timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 604800. Default: `30`.
