---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_session_timeout_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_session_timeout_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_session_timeout_list" "all_settings" {
  # The 'folder' is required to specify where to look for the setting.
  folder = "All"
}

# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# OUTPUT: Display the fetched list data
# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

output "fetched_setting_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of settings retrieved by the SCM Session Timeout List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_settings_fetched = data.scm_session_timeout_list.all_settings.total
    value                     = data.scm_session_timeout_list.all_settings.data[0]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `session_timeouts` (Attributes) Session timeouts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--session_timeouts))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--session_timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.session_timeouts`

Read-Only:

- `timeout_captive_portal` (Number) Captive Portal (seconds)
- `timeout_default` (Number) Default timeout (seconds)
- `timeout_discard_default` (Number) Discard default (seconds)
- `timeout_discard_tcp` (Number) Discard TCP (seconds)
- `timeout_discard_udp` (Number) Discard UDP (seconds)
- `timeout_icmp` (Number) ICMP (seconds)
- `timeout_scan` (Number) Scan (seconds)
- `timeout_tcp` (Number) TCP (seconds)
- `timeout_tcp_half_closed` (Number) TCP Half Closed (seconds)
- `timeout_tcp_time_wait` (Number) TCP Time Wait (seconds)
- `timeout_tcp_unverified_rst` (Number) Unverified RST (seconds)
- `timeout_tcphandshake` (Number) TCP handshake (seconds)
- `timeout_tcpinit` (Number) TCP init (seconds)
- `timeout_udp` (Number) UDP (seconds)
