---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_site_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_site_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_site_list" "all_sites" {
  limit  = 50
  folder = "Remote Networks"
}

output "list_of_all_connection_names" {
  description = "A list of names for all Sites found in the RN Folder."
  value = [
    for conn in data.scm_site_list.all_sites.data : conn.name
  ]
}

output "total_connections_count" {
  description = "The total number of sites found by the list data source."
  value       = length(data.scm_site_list.all_sites.data)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the site

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the site

Read-Only:

- `address_line_1` (String) The address in which the site exists
- `address_line_2` (String) The address in which the site exists (continued)
- `city` (String) The city in which the site exists
- `country` (String) The country in which the site exists
- `latitude` (String) The latitude coordinate for the site
- `license_type` (String) The license type of the site
- `longitude` (String) The longitude coordinate for the site
- `members` (Attributes List) Members (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--members))
- `qos` (Attributes) Qos (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--qos))
- `state` (String) The state in which the site exists
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `type` (String) The site type
- `zip_code` (String) The postal code in which the site exists

<a id="nestedatt--data--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.members`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) UUID of the remote network
- `mode` (String) The mode of the remote network
- `name` (String) The member name
- `remote_network` (String) The remote network name


<a id="nestedatt--data--qos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.qos`

Read-Only:

- `backup_cir` (Number) The backup CIR in Mbps. This is distributed equally for all tunnels in the site.
- `cir` (Number) The CIR in Mbps. This is distributed equally for all tunnels in the site.
- `profile` (String) The name of the site QoS profile
