---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_tacacs_server_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_tacacs_server_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the TACACS+ server profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) The name of the TACACS+ server profile
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `protocol` (String) The TACACS+ authentication protocol
- `server` (Attributes List) The TACACS+ server configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--server))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `timeout` (Number) The TACACS+ timeout (seconds)
- `use_single_connection` (Boolean) Use a single TACACS+ connection?

<a id="nestedatt--data--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.server`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The IP address of the TACACS+ server
- `name` (String) The name of the TACACS+ server
- `port` (Number) The TACACS+ server port
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The TACACS+ secret
