---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_tcp_setting_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_tcp_setting_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "scm_tcp_setting_list" "all_settings" {
  # The 'folder' is required to specify where to look for the setting.
  folder = "All"
}

# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# OUTPUT: Display the fetched list data
# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

output "fetched_setting_list_summary" {
  description = "Summary of settings retrieved by the SCM TCP Setting List data source."
  value = {
    count_of_settings_fetched = data.scm_tcp_setting_list.all_settings.total
    value                     = data.scm_tcp_setting_list.all_settings.data[0]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `tcp` (Attributes) Tcp (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tcp))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tcp`

Read-Only:

- `allow_challenge_ack` (Boolean) Allow arbitrary ACK in response to SYN?
- `asymmetric_path` (String) Asymmetric path action
- `bypass_exceed_oo_queue` (Boolean) Forward segments exceeding TCP out-of-order queue?
- `check_timestamp_option` (Boolean) Drop segments with null timestamp option?
- `drop_zero_flag` (Boolean) Drop segments without flag?
- `siptcp_cleartext_proxy` (String) SIP TCP cleartext action (`'0'` = Always Off, `'1'` = Always Enabled, `'2'` = Automatically enable proxy when needed)
- `strip_mptcp_option` (Boolean) Strip MPTCP option?
- `tcp_retransmit_scan` (Boolean) TCP retransmit scan?
- `urgent_data` (String) Urgent data flag action
