---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_tls_service_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_tls_service_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the TLS service profile

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) TLS service profile name. The value is `muCustomDomainSSLProfile` when it is used on mobile-agent infra settings.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) Certificate name
- `protocol_settings` (Attributes) Protocol settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol_settings))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol_settings`

Read-Only:

- `auth_algo_sha1` (Boolean) Allow SHA1 authentication?
- `auth_algo_sha256` (Boolean) Allow SHA256 authentication?
- `auth_algo_sha384` (Boolean) Allow SHA384 authentication?
- `enc_algo_3des` (Boolean) Allow 3DES algorithm?
- `enc_algo_aes_128_cbc` (Boolean) Allow AES-128-CBC algorithm?
- `enc_algo_aes_128_gcm` (Boolean) Allow AES-128-GCM algorithm?
- `enc_algo_aes_256_cbc` (Boolean) Allow AES-256-CBC algorithm?
- `enc_algo_aes_256_gcm` (Boolean) Allow algorithm AES-256-GCM
- `enc_algo_rc4` (Boolean) Allow RC4 algorithm?
- `keyxchg_algo_dhe` (Boolean) Allow DHE algorithm?
- `keyxchg_algo_ecdhe` (Boolean) Allow ECDHE algorithm?
- `keyxchg_algo_rsa` (Boolean) Allow RSA algorithm?
- `max_version` (String) Maximum TLS version
- `min_version` (String) Minimum TLS version
