---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_traffic_steering_rule_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_traffic_steering_rule_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the traffic steering rule

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name

Read-Only:

- `action` (Attributes) Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action))
- `category` (List of String) Category
- `destination` (List of String) Destination
- `folder` (String) The folder containing the traffic steering rule
- `service` (List of String) Service
- `source` (List of String) Source
- `source_user` (List of String) Source user
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action`

Read-Only:

- `forward` (Attributes) Forward (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action--forward))

<a id="nestedatt--data--action--forward"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action.forward`

Read-Only:

- `forward` (Attributes) Forward (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--action--forward--forward))
- `no_pbf` (String) No pbf

<a id="nestedatt--data--action--forward--forward"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.action.forward.forward`

Read-Only:

- `target` (String) Target
