---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_tunnel_interface_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_tunnel_interface_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch a list of all tunnel interfaces
data "scm_tunnel_interface_list" "all_tunnel_interfaces" {
  folder = "ngfw-shared"
}

# Output the raw list of all tunnel interfaces
output "scm_tunnel_interface_list" {
  description = "A list of all tunnel interfaces from the 'All Firewalls' folder."
  value       = { for interface in data.scm_tunnel_interface_list.all_tunnel_interfaces.data : interface.name => interface }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource for tunnel interface

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) L3 sub-interface name for tunnel interface
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Description for tunnel interface
- `default_value` (String) Default interface assignment for tunnel interface
- `interface_management_profile` (String) Interface management profile for tunnel interface
- `ip` (Attributes List) Tunnel Interface IP Parent (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ip))
- `ipv6` (Attributes) Tunnel Interface IPv6 Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv6))
- `mtu` (Number) MTU for tunnel interface
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ip`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Tunnel Interface IP address(es)


<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv6`

Read-Only:

- `address` (Attributes List) IPv6 Address Parent for tunnel interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv6--address))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 for tunnel interface
- `interface_id` (String) Interface ID for tunnel interface

<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv6--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv6.address`

Read-Only:

- `anycast` (Attributes) Anycast for tunnel interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv6--address--anycast))
- `enable_on_interface` (Boolean) Enable Address on Interface for tunnel interface
- `name` (String) IPv6 Address for tunnel interface
- `prefix` (Attributes) Use interface ID as host portion for tunnel interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv6--address--prefix))

<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv6--address--anycast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv6.address.anycast`


<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv6--address--prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv6.address.prefix`
