---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_url_access_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_url_access_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#
# Data source to retrieve a list of URL Access Profile objects.
#

# Example 1: Fetch a list of all URL Access Profiles in the "Shared" folder.
data "scm_url_access_profile_list" "all_shared" {
  folder = "All"
}

# Output the list of all URL Access Profile objects from the "Shared" folder.
output "url_access_profiles_list_all_shared" {
  description = "A list of all URL Access Profile objects from the Shared folder."
  value       = data.scm_url_access_profile_list.all_shared.data
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Name
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `alert` (List of String) Alert
- `allow` (List of String) Allow
- `block` (List of String) Block
- `cloud_inline_cat` (Boolean) Cloud inline cat
- `continue` (List of String) Continue
- `credential_enforcement` (Attributes) Credential enforcement (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement))
- `description` (String) Description
- `local_inline_cat` (Boolean) Local inline cat
- `log_container_page_only` (Boolean) Log container page only
- `log_http_hdr_referer` (Boolean) Log http hdr referer
- `log_http_hdr_user_agent` (Boolean) Log http hdr user agent
- `log_http_hdr_xff` (Boolean) Log http hdr xff
- `mlav_category_exception` (List of String) Mlav category exception
- `redirect` (List of String) Redirect
- `safe_search_enforcement` (Boolean) Safe search enforcement
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.credential_enforcement`

Read-Only:

- `alert` (List of String) Alert
- `allow` (List of String) Allow
- `block` (List of String) Block
- `continue` (List of String) Continue
- `log_severity` (String) Log severity
- `mode` (Attributes) Mode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode))

<a id="nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.credential_enforcement.mode`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Attributes) Disabled (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode--disabled))
- `domain_credentials` (Attributes) Domain credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode--domain_credentials))
- `group_mapping` (String) Group mapping
- `ip_user` (Attributes) Ip user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode--ip_user))

<a id="nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.credential_enforcement.mode.disabled`


<a id="nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode--domain_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.credential_enforcement.mode.domain_credentials`


<a id="nestedatt--data--credential_enforcement--mode--ip_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.credential_enforcement.mode.ip_user`
