---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_userid_match_list_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_userid_match_list_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all userid match lists in the ngfw-shared folder
data "scm_userid_match_list_list" "example" {
  folder = "ngfw-shared"
}

# Output the name and folder for each userid match list
output "userid_match_list_list_results" {
  description = "List of userid match list names and folders"
  value = {
    for item in data.scm_userid_match_list_list.example.data : item.id => {
      name   = item.name
      folder = item.folder
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Name of the userid match list entry
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the userid match list entry
- `filter` (String) Filter of the userid match list entry
- `quarantine` (Boolean) Quarantine Flag of the userid match list entry
- `send_email` (List of String) Send Email List of the userid match list entry
- `send_http` (List of String) Send HTTP List of the userid match list entry
- `send_snmptrap` (List of String) Send SNMP Trap List of the userid match list entry
- `send_syslog` (List of String) Send Sys Log List of the userid match list entry
- `send_to_panorama` (Boolean) Send to Panorama Flag of the userid match list entry
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
