---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_vlan_interface_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_vlan_interface_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch a list of all vlan interfaces
data "scm_vlan_interface_list" "all_vlan_interfaces" {
  folder = "ngfw-shared"
}

# Output the raw list of all vlan interfaces
output "scm_vlan_interface_list" {
  description = "A list of all vlan interfaces from the 'All Firewalls' folder."
  value       = { for interface in data.scm_vlan_interface_list.all_vlan_interfaces.data : interface.name => interface }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) L3 sub-interface name
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `arp` (Attributes List) ARP configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--arp))
- `comment` (String) Description
- `ddns_config` (Attributes) Dynamic DNS configuration specific to the Vlan Interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ddns_config))
- `default_value` (String) Default interface assignment
- `dhcp_client` (Attributes) Vlan interfaces DHCP Client Object

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dhcp_client` and `ip`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dhcp_client))
- `interface_management_profile` (String) Interface management profile
- `ip` (Attributes List) VLAN Interface IP Parent

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `dhcp_client` and `ip`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ip))
- `mtu` (Number) MTU
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `vlan_tag` (String) VLAN tag

<a id="nestedatt--data--arp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.arp`

Read-Only:

- `hw_address` (String) MAC address
- `interface` (String) ARP interface
- `name` (String) IP address


<a id="nestedatt--data--ddns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ddns_config`

Read-Only:

- `ddns_cert_profile` (String) Certificate profile
- `ddns_enabled` (Boolean) Enable DDNS?
- `ddns_hostname` (String) Ddns hostname
- `ddns_ip` (String) IP to register (static only)
- `ddns_update_interval` (Number) Update interval (days)
- `ddns_vendor` (String) DDNS vendor
- `ddns_vendor_config` (String) DDNS vendor


<a id="nestedatt--data--dhcp_client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dhcp_client`

Read-Only:

- `create_default_route` (Boolean) Automatically create default route pointing to default gateway provided by server
- `default_route_metric` (Number) Metric of the default route created
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable DHCP?
- `send_hostname` (Attributes) Send hostname (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--dhcp_client--send_hostname))

<a id="nestedatt--data--dhcp_client--send_hostname"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.dhcp_client.send_hostname`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable
- `hostname` (String) Set interface hostname



<a id="nestedatt--data--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ip`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) VLAN Interface IP address(es)
