---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_vpn_setting_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_vpn_setting_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `vpn` (Attributes) Vpn (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--vpn))

<a id="nestedatt--data--vpn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.vpn`

Read-Only:

- `ikev2` (Attributes) Ikev2 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--vpn--ikev2))

<a id="nestedatt--data--vpn--ikev2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.vpn.ikev2`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_cache_size` (Number) Maximum cached certificates
- `cookie_threshold` (Number) Cookie activation threshold
- `max_half_opened_sa` (Number) Maximum half-opened SA
