---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_wildfire_anti_virus_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_wildfire_anti_virus_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `limit` (Number) The Limit param. A limit of -1 will return all configured items. Default: `200`.
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `offset` (Number) The Offset param. Default: `0`.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The Data param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The Total param.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The Description param.
- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `mlav_exceptions` (Attributes List) The MlavExceptions param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--mlav_exceptions))
- `name` (String) The Name param. String validation regex: `^[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$`.
- `packet_capture` (Boolean) The PacketCapture param.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The Rules param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--rules))
- `threat_exceptions` (Attributes List) The ThreatExceptions param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--threat_exceptions))

<a id="nestedatt--data--mlav_exceptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.mlav_exceptions`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The Description param.
- `filename` (String) The Filename param.
- `name` (String) The Name param.


<a id="nestedatt--data--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.rules`

Read-Only:

- `analysis` (String) The Analysis param. String must be one of these: `"public-cloud"`, `"private-cloud"`.
- `applications` (List of String) The Applications param.
- `direction` (String) The Direction param. String must be one of these: `"download"`, `"upload"`, `"both"`.
- `file_types` (List of String) The FileTypes param.
- `name` (String) The Name param.


<a id="nestedatt--data--threat_exceptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.threat_exceptions`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `notes` (String) The Notes param.
