---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_zone_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_zone_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch a list of all zones
data "scm_zone_list" "all_zones" {
  folder = "ngfw-shared"
}

# Output the raw list of all zones
output "scm_zone_list" {
  description = "A list of all zones from the 'All Firewalls' folder."
  value       = { for zone in data.scm_zone_list.all_zones.data : zone.name => zone }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) Folder
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string begin with letter: [0-9a-zA-Z._-]
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.

Read-Only:

- `device_acl` (Attributes) Device acl (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--device_acl))
- `dos_log_setting` (String) Dos log setting
- `dos_profile` (String) Dos profile
- `enable_device_identification` (Boolean) Enable device identification
- `enable_user_identification` (Boolean) Enable user identification
- `network` (Attributes) Network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--network))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `user_acl` (Attributes) User acl (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--user_acl))

<a id="nestedatt--data--device_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.device_acl`

Read-Only:

- `exclude_list` (List of String) Exclude list
- `include_list` (List of String) Include list


<a id="nestedatt--data--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.network`

Read-Only:

- `enable_packet_buffer_protection` (Boolean) Enable packet buffer protection
- `external` (List of String) External
- `layer2` (List of String) Layer2
- `layer3` (List of String) Layer3
- `log_setting` (String) Log setting
- `tap` (List of String) Tap
- `tunnel` (Attributes) Tunnel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--network--tunnel))
- `virtual_wire` (List of String) Virtual wire
- `zone_protection_profile` (String) Zone protection profile

<a id="nestedatt--data--network--tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.network.tunnel`



<a id="nestedatt--data--user_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.user_acl`

Read-Only:

- `exclude_list` (List of String) Exclude list
- `include_list` (List of String) Include list
