---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_zone_protection_profile_list Data Source - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# scm_zone_protection_profile_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device of the item.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the item. Default: Shared.
- `limit` (Number) The max number of items to return. Default: 200.
- `name` (String) The name of the item.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the first item to return.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet of the item.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `total` (Number) The total number of items.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource

Optional:

- `name` (String) The profile name

Read-Only:

- `asymmetric_path` (String) Determine whether to drop or bypass packets that contain out-of-sync ACKs or out-of-window sequence numbers:
* `global` — Use system-wide setting that is assigned through TCP Settings or the CLI.
* `drop` — Drop packets that contain an asymmetric path.
* `bypass` — Bypass scanning on packets that contain an asymmetric path.
- `description` (String) The description of the profile
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined
- `discard_icmp_embedded_error` (Boolean) Discard ICMP packets that are embedded with an error message.
- `flood` (Attributes) Flood (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood))
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined
- `fragmented_traffic_discard` (Boolean) Discard fragmented IP packets.
- `icmp_frag_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets that consist of ICMP fragments.
- `icmp_large_packet_discard` (Boolean) Discard ICMP packets that are larger than 1024 bytes.
- `icmp_ping_zero_id_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets if the ICMP ping packet has an identifier value of 0.
- `ipv6` (Attributes) Ipv6 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv6))
- `l2_sec_group_tag_protection` (Attributes) L2 sec group tag protection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--l2_sec_group_tag_protection))
- `loose_source_routing_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets with the Loose Source Routing IP option set. Loose Source Routing is an option whereby a source of a datagram provides routing information and a gateway or host is allowed to choose any route of a number of intermediate gateways to get the datagram to the next address in the route.
- `malformed_option_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets if they have incorrect combinations of class, number, and length based on RFCs 791, 1108, 1393, and 2113.
- `mismatched_overlapping_tcp_segment_discard` (Boolean) Drop packets with mismatched overlapping TCP segments.
- `mptcp_option_strip` (String) MPTCP is an extension of TCP that allows a client to maintain a connection by simultaneously using multiple paths to connect to the destination host. By default, MPTCP support is disabled, based on the global MPTCP setting.  Review or adjust the MPTCP settings for the security zones associated with this profile:
* `no` — Enable MPTCP support (do not strip the MPTCP option).
* `yes` — Disable MPTCP support (strip the MPTCP option). With this configured, MPTCP connections are converted to standard TCP connections, as MPTCP is backwards compatible with TCP.
* `global` — Support MPTCP based on the global MPTCP setting. By default, the global MPTCP setting is set to yes so that MPTCP is disabled (the MPTCP option is stripped from the packet).
- `non_ip_protocol` (Attributes) Non ip protocol (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--non_ip_protocol))
- `record_route_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets with the Record Route IP option set. When a datagram has this option, each router that routes the datagram adds its own IP address to the header, thus providing the path to the recipient.
- `reject_non_syn_tcp` (String) Determine whether to reject the packet if the first packet for the TCP session setup is not a SYN packet:
* `global` — Use system-wide setting that is assigned through the CLI.
* `yes` — Reject non-SYN TCP.
* `no` — Accept non-SYN TCP.
- `scan` (Attributes List) Scan (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--scan))
- `scan_white_list` (Attributes List) Scan white list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--scan_white_list))
- `security_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets if the security option is defined.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined
- `spoofed_ip_discard` (Boolean) Check that the source IP address of the ingress packet is routable and the routing interface is in the same zone as the ingress interface. If either condition is not true, discard the packet.
- `stream_id_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets if the Stream ID option is defined.
- `strict_ip_check` (Boolean) Check that both conditions are true:
* The source IP address is not the subnet broadcast IP address of the ingress interface.
* The source IP address is routable over the exact ingress interface.
If either condition is not true, discard the packet.
- `strict_source_routing_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets with the Strict Source Routing IP option set. Strict Source Routing is an option whereby a source of a datagram provides routing information through which a gateway or host must send the datagram.
- `suppress_icmp_needfrag` (Boolean) Stop sending ICMP fragmentation needed messages in response to packets that exceed the interface MTU and have the do not fragment (DF) bit set. This setting will interfere with the PMTUD process performed by hosts behind the firewall.
- `suppress_icmp_timeexceeded` (Boolean) Stop sending ICMP TTL expired messages.
- `tcp_fast_open_and_data_strip` (Boolean) Strip the TCP Fast Open option (and data payload, if any) from the TCP SYN or SYN-ACK packet during a TCP three-way handshake.
- `tcp_handshake_discard` (Boolean) Drop packets with split handshakes.
- `tcp_syn_with_data_discard` (Boolean) Prevent a TCP session from being established if the TCP SYN packet contains data during a three-way handshake.
- `tcp_synack_with_data_discard` (Boolean) Prevent a TCP session from being established if the TCP SYN-ACK packet contains data during a three-way handshake.
- `tcp_timestamp_strip` (Boolean) Determine whether the packet has a TCP timestamp in the header and, if it does, strip the timestamp from the header.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.
- `timestamp_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets with the Timestamp IP option set.
- `unknown_option_discard` (Boolean) Discard packets if the class and number are unknown.

<a id="nestedatt--data--flood"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood`

Read-Only:

- `icmp` (Attributes) Icmp (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--icmp))
- `icmpv6` (Attributes) Icmpv6 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--icmpv6))
- `other_ip` (Attributes) Other ip (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--other_ip))
- `sctp_init` (Attributes) Sctp init (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--sctp_init))
- `tcp_syn` (Attributes) Tcp syn (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--tcp_syn))
- `udp` (Attributes) Udp (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--icmp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.icmp`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable protection against ICMP floods?
- `red` (Attributes) Red (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--icmp--red))

<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--icmp--red"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.icmp.red`

Read-Only:

- `activate_rate` (Number) The number of ICMP packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second before subsequent ICMP packets are dropped.
- `alarm_rate` (Number) The number of ICMP echo requests (pings not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second that triggers an attack alarm.
- `maximal_rate` (Number) The maximum number of ICMP packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second before packets exceeding the maximum are dropped.



<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--icmpv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.icmpv6`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable protection against ICMPv6 floods?
- `red` (Attributes) Red (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--icmpv6--red))

<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--icmpv6--red"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.icmpv6.red`

Read-Only:

- `activate_rate` (Number) The number of ICMPv6 packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second before subsequent ICMPv6 packets are dropped.
- `alarm_rate` (Number) The number of ICMPv6 echo requests (pings not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second that triggers an attack alarm.
- `maximal_rate` (Number) The maximum number of ICMPv6 packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second before packets exceeding the maximum are dropped.



<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--other_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.other_ip`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable protection against other IP (non-TCP, non-ICMP, non-ICMPv6, non-SCTP, and non-UDP) floods?
- `red` (Attributes) Red (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--other_ip--red))

<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--other_ip--red"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.other_ip.red`

Read-Only:

- `activate_rate` (Number) Activate rate
- `alarm_rate` (Number) Alarm rate
- `maximal_rate` (Number) Maximal rate



<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--sctp_init"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.sctp_init`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable protection against floods of Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP) packets that contain an Initiation (INIT) chunk?
- `red` (Attributes) Red (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--sctp_init--red))

<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--sctp_init--red"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.sctp_init.red`

Read-Only:

- `activate_rate` (Number) The number of SCTP INIT packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second before subsequent SCTP INIT packets are dropped.
- `alarm_rate` (Number) The number of SCTP INIT packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second that triggers an attack alarm.
- `maximal_rate` (Number) The maximum number of SCTP INIT packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second before packets exceeding the maximum are dropped.



<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--tcp_syn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.tcp_syn`

Read-Only:

- `activate_rate` (Number) When the flow exceeds the `activate_rate`` threshold, the firewall drops individual SYN packets randomly to restrict the flow.
- `alarm_rate` (Number) When the flow exceeds the `alert_rate`` threshold, an alarm is generated.
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable protection against SYN floods?
- `maximal_rate` (Number) When the flow exceeds the `maximal_rate` threshold, 100% of incoming SYN packets are dropped.


<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.udp`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable protection against UDP floods?
- `red` (Attributes) Red (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--flood--udp--red))

<a id="nestedatt--data--flood--udp--red"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.flood.udp.red`

Read-Only:

- `activate_rate` (Number) The number of UDP packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second that triggers random dropping of UDP packets.
- `alarm_rate` (Number) The number of UDP packets (not matching an existing session) that the zone receives per second that triggers an attack alarm.
- `maximal_rate` (Number) The maximum number of UDP packets (not matching an existing session) the zone receives per second before packets exceeding the maximum are dropped.




<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv6`

Read-Only:

- `anycast_source` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that contain an anycast source address.
- `filter_ext_hdr` (Attributes) Filter ext hdr (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv6--filter_ext_hdr))
- `icmpv6_too_big_small_mtu_discard` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that contain a Packet Too Big ICMPv6 message when the maximum transmission unit (MTU) is less than 1,280 bytes.
- `ignore_inv_pkt` (Attributes) Ignore inv pkt (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ipv6--ignore_inv_pkt))
- `ipv4_compatible_address` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that are defined as an RFC 4291 IPv4-Compatible IPv6 address.
- `needless_fragment_hdr` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets with the last fragment flag (M=0) and offset of zero.
- `options_invalid_ipv6_discard` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that contain invalid IPv6 options in an extension header.
- `reserved_field_set_discard` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that have a header with a reserved field not set to zero.
- `routing_header_0` (Boolean) Drop packets with type 0 routing header.
- `routing_header_1` (Boolean) Drop packets with type 1 routing header.
- `routing_header_253` (Boolean) Drop packets with type 253 routing header.
- `routing_header_254` (Boolean) Drop packets with type 254 routing header.
- `routing_header_255` (Boolean) Drop packets with type 255 routing header.
- `routing_header_3` (Boolean) Drop packets with type 3 routing header.
- `routing_header_4_252` (Boolean) Drop packets with type 4 to type 252 routing header.

<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv6--filter_ext_hdr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv6.filter_ext_hdr`

Read-Only:

- `dest_option_hdr` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that contain the Destination Options extension, which contains options intended only for the destination of the packet.
- `hop_by_hop_hdr` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that contain the Hop-by-Hop Options extension header.
- `routing_hdr` (Boolean) Discard IPv6 packets that contain the Routing extension header, which directs packets to one or more intermediate nodes on its way to its destination.


<a id="nestedatt--data--ipv6--ignore_inv_pkt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ipv6.ignore_inv_pkt`

Read-Only:

- `dest_unreach` (Boolean) Require an explicit Security policy match for Destination Unreachable ICMPv6 messages, even when the message is associated with an existing session.
- `param_problem` (Boolean) Require an explicit Security policy match for Parameter Problem ICMPv6 messages, even when the message is associated with an existing session.
- `pkt_too_big` (Boolean) Require an explicit Security policy match for Packet Too Big ICMPv6 messages, even when the message is associated with an existing session.
- `redirect` (Boolean) Require an explicit Security policy match for Redirect Message ICMPv6 messages, even when the message is associated with an existing session.
- `time_exceeded` (Boolean) Require an explicit Security policy match for Time Exceeded ICMPv6 messages, even when the message is associated with an existing session.



<a id="nestedatt--data--l2_sec_group_tag_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.l2_sec_group_tag_protection`

Read-Only:

- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--l2_sec_group_tag_protection--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--data--l2_sec_group_tag_protection--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.l2_sec_group_tag_protection.tags`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable this exclude list for Ethernet SGT protection.
- `name` (String) Name for the list of Security Group Tags (SGTs).
- `tag` (String) The Layer 2 SGTs in headers of packets that you want to exclude (drop) when the SGT matches this list in the Zone Protection profile applied to a zone (range is 0 to 65,535).



<a id="nestedatt--data--non_ip_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.non_ip_protocol`

Read-Only:

- `list_type` (String) Specify the type of list you are creating for protocol protection:
* Include List—Only the protocols on the list are allowed—in addition to IPv4 (0x0800), IPv6 (0x86DD), ARP (0x0806), and VLAN tagged frames (0x8100). All other protocols are implicitly denied (blocked).
* Exclude List—Only the protocols on the list are denied; all other protocols are implicitly allowed. You cannot exclude IPv4 (0x0800), IPv6 (0x86DD), ARP (0x0806), or VLAN tagged frames (0x8100).
- `protocol` (Attributes List) Protocol (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--non_ip_protocol--protocol))

<a id="nestedatt--data--non_ip_protocol--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.non_ip_protocol.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) Enable the Ethertype code on the list.
- `ether_type` (String) Enter an Ethertype code (protocol) preceded by 0x to indicate hexadecimal (range is 0x0000 to 0xFFFF). A list can have a maximum of 64 Ethertypes. Some sources of Ethertype codes are:
* [IEEE hexadecimal Ethertype](http://www.iana.org/assignments/ieee-802-numbers/ieee-802-numbers.xhtml)
* [standards.ieee.org/develop/regauth/ethertype/eth.txt](http://standards-oui.ieee.org/ethertype/eth.txt)
* [http://www.cavebear.com/archive/cavebear/Ethernet/type.html](http://www.cavebear.com/archive/cavebear/Ethernet/type.html)
- `name` (String) Enter the protocol name that corresponds to the Ethertype code you are adding to the list. The firewall does not verify that the protocol name matches the Ethertype code but the Ethertype code does determine the protocol filter.



<a id="nestedatt--data--scan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.scan`

Read-Only:

- `action` (Attributes) Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--scan--action))
- `interval` (Number) Interval
- `name` (String) The threat ID number.  These can be found in [Palo Alto Networks ThreatVault](https://threatvault.paloaltonetworks.com).
* "8001" - TCP Port Scan
* "8002" - Host Sweep
* "8003" - UDP Port Scan
* "8006" - Port Scan
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold

<a id="nestedatt--data--scan--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.scan.action`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) Duration
- `track_by` (String) Track by



<a id="nestedatt--data--scan_white_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.scan_white_list`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) A descriptive name for the address to exclude.
