---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_anti_spyware_profile Resource - scm"
subcategory: "NetSec"
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_anti_spyware_profile (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scm_anti_spyware_profile" "example" {
  # Resource params
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The Name param.

### Optional

- `cloud_inline_analysis` (Boolean) The CloudInlineAnalysis param. Default: `false`.
- `description` (String) The Description param.
- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `inline_exception_edl_urls` (List of String) The InlineExceptionEdlUrls param.
- `inline_exception_ip_addresses` (List of String) The InlineExceptionIpAddresses param.
- `mica_engine_spyware_enabled_list` (Attributes List) The MicaEngineSpywareEnabledList param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mica_engine_spyware_enabled_list))
- `rules` (Attributes List) The Rules param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.
- `threat_exceptions` (Attributes List) The ThreatExceptions param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--threat_exceptions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--mica_engine_spyware_enabled_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mica_engine_spyware_enabled_list`

Optional:

- `inline_policy_action` (String) The InlinePolicyAction param. String must be one of these: `"alert"`, `"allow"`, `"drop"`, `"reset-both"`, `"reset-client"`, `"reset-server"`. Default: `"alert"`.
- `name` (String) The Name param.


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `action` (Attributes) The Action param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--action))
- `category` (String) The Category param. String must be one of these: `"dns-proxy"`, `"backdoor"`, `"data-theft"`, `"autogen"`, `"spyware"`, `"dns-security"`, `"downloader"`, `"dns-phishing"`, `"phishing-kit"`, `"cryptominer"`, `"hacktool"`, `"dns-benign"`, `"dns-wildfire"`, `"botnet"`, `"dns-grayware"`, `"inline-cloud-c2"`, `"keylogger"`, `"p2p-communication"`, `"domain-edl"`, `"webshell"`, `"command-and-control"`, `"dns-ddns"`, `"net-worm"`, `"any"`, `"tls-fingerprint"`, `"dns-new-domain"`, `"dns"`, `"fraud"`, `"dns-c2"`, `"adware"`, `"post-exploitation"`, `"dns-malware"`, `"browser-hijack"`, `"dns-parked"`.
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `packet_capture` (String) The PacketCapture param. String must be one of these: `"disable"`, `"single-packet"`, `"extended-capture"`.
- `severities` (List of String) The Severities param.
- `threat_name` (String) The ThreatName param. String length must exceed 4 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.action`

Optional:

- `alert` (Boolean) The Alert param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `allow` (Boolean) The Allow param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `block_ip` (Attributes) The BlockIp param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--action--block_ip))
- `drop` (Boolean) The Drop param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `reset_both` (Boolean) The ResetBoth param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `reset_client` (Boolean) The ResetClient param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `reset_server` (Boolean) The ResetServer param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`

<a id="nestedatt--rules--action--block_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.action.block_ip`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) The Duration param. Value must be between 1 and 3600.
- `track_by` (String) The TrackBy param. String must be one of these: `"source-and-destination"`, `"source"`.




<a id="nestedatt--threat_exceptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `threat_exceptions`

Optional:

- `action` (Attributes) The Action param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--threat_exceptions--action))
- `exempt_ips` (Attributes List) The ExemptIps param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--threat_exceptions--exempt_ips))
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `notes` (String) The Notes param.
- `packet_capture` (String) The PacketCapture param. String must be one of these: `"disable"`, `"single-packet"`, `"extended-capture"`.

<a id="nestedatt--threat_exceptions--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `threat_exceptions.action`

Optional:

- `alert` (Boolean) The Alert param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `allow` (Boolean) The Allow param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `block_ip` (Attributes) The BlockIp param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--threat_exceptions--action--block_ip))
- `default` (Boolean) The Default param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `drop` (Boolean) The Drop param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `reset_both` (Boolean) The ResetBoth param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `reset_client` (Boolean) The ResetClient param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`
- `reset_server` (Boolean) The ResetServer param. Default: `false`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `alert`, `allow`, `block_ip`, `default`, `drop`, `reset_both`, `reset_client`, `reset_server`

<a id="nestedatt--threat_exceptions--action--block_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `threat_exceptions.action.block_ip`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) The Duration param. Value must be between 1 and 3600.
- `track_by` (String) The TrackBy param. String must be one of these: `"source-and-destination"`, `"source"`.



<a id="nestedatt--threat_exceptions--exempt_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `threat_exceptions.exempt_ips`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Name param.
