---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_ipsec_crypto_profile Resource - scm"
subcategory: "NetSec"
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_ipsec_crypto_profile (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scm_ipsec_crypto_profile" "example" {
  # Resource params
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `lifetime` (Attributes) The Lifetime param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifetime))
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string begin with letter: [0-9a-zA-Z._-]. String length must not exceed 31 characters.

### Optional

- `ah` (Attributes) The Ah param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `ah`, `esp` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ah))
- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `dh_group` (String) phase-2 DH group (PFS DH group). String must be one of these: `"no-pfs"`, `"group1"`, `"group2"`, `"group5"`, `"group14"`, `"group19"`, `"group20"`. Default: `"group2"`.
- `esp` (Attributes) The Esp param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `ah`, `esp` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--esp))
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `lifesize` (Attributes) The Lifesize param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifesize))
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--lifetime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifetime`

Optional:

- `days` (Number) specify lifetime in days. Value must be between 1 and 365. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, `seconds`
- `hours` (Number) specify lifetime in hours. Value must be between 1 and 65535. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, `seconds`
- `minutes` (Number) specify lifetime in minutes. Value must be between 3 and 65535. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, `seconds`
- `seconds` (Number) specify lifetime in seconds. Value must be between 180 and 65535. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, `seconds`


<a id="nestedatt--ah"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ah`

Required:

- `authentications` (List of String) The Authentications param. Individual elements in this list are subject to additional validation. String must be one of these: `"md5"`, `"sha1"`, `"sha256"`, `"sha384"`, `"sha512"`.


<a id="nestedatt--esp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `esp`

Required:

- `authentications` (List of String) Authentication algorithm.
- `encryptions` (List of String) Encryption algorithm. Individual elements in this list are subject to additional validation. String must be one of these: `"des"`, `"3des"`, `"aes-128-cbc"`, `"aes-192-cbc"`, `"aes-256-cbc"`, `"aes-128-gcm"`, `"aes-256-gcm"`, `"null"`.


<a id="nestedatt--lifesize"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifesize`

Optional:

- `gb` (Number) specify lifesize in gigabytes(GB). Value must be between 1 and 65535. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, `tb`
- `kb` (Number) specify lifesize in kilobytes(KB). Value must be between 1 and 65535. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, `tb`
- `mb` (Number) specify lifesize in megabytes(MB). Value must be between 1 and 65535. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, `tb`
- `tb` (Number) specify lifesize in terabytes(TB). Value must be between 1 and 65535. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `gb`, `kb`, `mb`, `tb`
