---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_mfa_server Resource - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_mfa_server (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mfa_cert_profile` (String) The MfaCertProfile param.
- `name` (String) The Name param.

### Optional

- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `mfa_vendor_type` (Attributes) The MfaVendorType param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type))
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type`

Optional:

- `duo_security_v2` (Attributes) The DuoSecurityV2 param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--duo_security_v2))
- `okta_adaptive_v1` (Attributes) The OktaAdaptiveV1 param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--okta_adaptive_v1))
- `ping_identity_v1` (Attributes) The PingIdentityV1 param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--ping_identity_v1))
- `rsa_securid_access_v1` (Attributes) The RsaSecuridAccessV1 param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--rsa_securid_access_v1))

<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--duo_security_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.duo_security_v2`

Optional:

- `duo_api_host` (String) The DuoApiHost param.
- `duo_baseuri` (String) The DuoBaseuri param.
- `duo_integration_key` (String) The DuoIntegrationKey param.
- `duo_secret_key` (String) The DuoSecretKey param.
- `duo_timeout` (String) The DuoTimeout param.


<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--okta_adaptive_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.okta_adaptive_v1`

Optional:

- `okta_api_host` (String) The OktaApiHost param.
- `okta_baseuri` (String) The OktaBaseuri param.
- `okta_org` (String) The OktaOrg param.
- `okta_timeout` (String) The OktaTimeout param.
- `okta_token` (String) The OktaToken param.


<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--ping_identity_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.ping_identity_v1`

Optional:

- `ping_api_host` (String) The PingApiHost param.
- `ping_baseuri` (String) The PingBaseuri param.
- `ping_org` (String) The PingOrg param.
- `ping_org_alias` (String) The PingOrgAlias param.
- `ping_timeout` (String) The PingTimeout param.
- `ping_token` (String) The PingToken param.


<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--rsa_securid_access_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.rsa_securid_access_v1`

Optional:

- `rsa_accessid` (String) The RsaAccessid param.
- `rsa_accesskey` (String) The RsaAccesskey param.
- `rsa_api_host` (String) The RsaApiHost param.
- `rsa_assurancepolicyid` (String) The RsaAssurancepolicyid param.
- `rsa_baseuri` (String) The RsaBaseuri param.
- `rsa_timeout` (String) The RsaTimeout param.
