---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_nat_rule Resource - scm"
subcategory: "NetSec"
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_nat_rule (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scm_nat_rule" "example" {
  folder      = "folder1"
  name        = "example_nat1"
  description = "Example source nat"
  sources     = ["10.10.10.10/24"]
  froms       = ["any"]
  tos         = ["untrust"]
  source_translation = {
    translated_address_single = "192.168.10.100"
    bi_directional            = "no"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destinations` (List of String) The destination address(es). Individual elements in this list are subject to additional validation. String must be one of these: `"any"`.
- `froms` (List of String) The source security zone(s). Individual elements in this list are subject to additional validation. String must be one of these: `"any"`.
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `service` (String) The Service param.
- `sources` (List of String) The source address(es). Individual elements in this list are subject to additional validation. String must be one of these: `"any"`.
- `tos` (List of String) The destination security zone(s).

### Optional

- `active_active_device_binding` (String) The ActiveActiveDeviceBinding param. String must be one of these: `"primary"`, `"both"`, `"0"`, `"1"`.
- `description` (String) The Description param.
- `destination_translation` (Attributes) Static destination translation parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_translation))
- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined. String length must not exceed 64 characters. String validation regex: `^[a-zA-Z\d-_\. ]+$`.
- `disabled` (Boolean) The Disabled param.
- `dynamic_destination_translation` (Attributes) Dynamic destination translation parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_destination_translation))
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined. String length must not exceed 64 characters. String validation regex: `^[a-zA-Z\d-_\. ]+$`.
- `group_tag` (String) The GroupTag param.
- `nat_type` (String) The NatType param. String must be one of these: `"ipv4"`, `"nat64"`, `"nptv6"`.
- `position` (String) The Position param. String must be one of these: `"pre"`, `"post"`. Default: `"pre"`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined. String length must not exceed 64 characters. String validation regex: `^[a-zA-Z\d-_\. ]+$`.
- `source_translation` (Attributes) The SourceTranslation param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_translation))
- `tags` (List of String) The Tags param.
- `target` (Attributes) The Target param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `to_interface` (String) The ToInterface param. String must be one of these: `"any"`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Id param.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--destination_translation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_translation`

Required:

- `translated_address_single` (String) The ip address to be translated. String validation regex: `^(?:(?:25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.){3}(?:25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)$|^(?:[A-Fa-f0-9]{1,4}:){7}[A-Fa-f0-9]{1,4}$`.

Optional:

- `dns_rewrite` (Attributes) The DnsRewrite param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_translation--dns_rewrite))
- `translated_port` (Number) The TranslatedPort param.

<a id="nestedatt--destination_translation--dns_rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_translation.dns_rewrite`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The Direction param. String must be one of these: `"reverse"`, `"forward"`. Default: `"reverse"`.



<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_destination_translation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_destination_translation`

Required:

- `translated_address_single` (String) The ip address to be translated. String validation regex: `^(?:(?:25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.){3}(?:25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)$|^(?:[A-Fa-f0-9]{1,4}:){7}[A-Fa-f0-9]{1,4}$`.

Optional:

- `distribution` (String) The Distribution param. String must be one of these: `"round-robin"`, `"source-ip-hash"`, `"ip-modulo"`, `"ip-hash"`, `"least-sessions"`. Default: `"round-robin"`.
- `translated_port` (Number) The TranslatedPort param.


<a id="nestedatt--source_translation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_translation`

Optional:

- `bi_directional` (String) The BiDirectional param. String must be one of these: `"yes"`, `"no"`.
- `fallback` (Attributes) The Fallback param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_translation--fallback))
- `translated_address_array` (List of String) The TranslatedAddressArray param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `translated_address_array`, `translated_address_single`
- `translated_address_single` (String) The TranslatedAddressSingle param. String validation regex: `^(?:(?:25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)\.){3}(?:25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|[01]?[0-9][0-9]?)$|^(?:[A-Fa-f0-9]{1,4}:){7}[A-Fa-f0-9]{1,4}$`. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `translated_address_array`, `translated_address_single`

<a id="nestedatt--source_translation--fallback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_translation.fallback`

Optional:

- `interface` (String) The Interface param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `interface`



<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Optional:

- `devices` (Attributes List) The Devices param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--devices))
- `negate` (Boolean) The Negate param.
- `tags` (List of String) The Tags param.

<a id="nestedatt--target--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.devices`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The Name param.
