---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_qos_policy_rule Resource - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_qos_policy_rule (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Attributes) The Action param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action))
- `name` (String) The Name param.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Description param.
- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `dscp_tos` (Attributes) The DscpTos param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos))
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `position` (String) The Position param. String must be one of these: `"pre"`, `"post"`. Default: `"pre"`.
- `schedule` (String) The Schedule param.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Optional:

- `class` (String) The Class param.


<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos`

Optional:

- `codepoints` (Attributes List) The Codepoints param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints))

<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos.codepoints`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `type` (Attributes) The Type param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type))

<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos.codepoints.type`

Optional:

- `af` (Attributes) The Af param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--af))
- `cs` (Attributes) The Cs param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--cs))
- `custom` (Attributes) The Custom param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--custom))
- `ef` (Boolean) The Ef param.
- `tos` (Attributes) The Tos param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--tos))

<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--af"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos.codepoints.type.tos`

Optional:

- `codepoint` (String) The Codepoint param.


<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--cs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos.codepoints.type.tos`

Optional:

- `codepoint` (String) The Codepoint param.


<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos.codepoints.type.tos`

Optional:

- `codepoint` (Attributes) The Codepoint param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--tos--codepoint))

<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--tos--codepoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos.codepoints.type.tos.codepoint`

Optional:

- `binary_value` (String) The BinaryValue param.
- `codepoint_name` (String) The CodepointName param.



<a id="nestedatt--dscp_tos--codepoints--type--tos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dscp_tos.codepoints.type.tos`

Optional:

- `codepoint` (String) The Codepoint param.
