---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_radius_server_profile Resource - scm"
subcategory: "NetSec"
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_radius_server_profile (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scm_radius_server_profile" "example" {
  folder  = "Shared"
  retries = 5
  timeout = 7
  protocol = {
    chap = true
  }
  servers = [
    {
      name       = "server1"
      ip_address = "11.2.3.5"
      secret     = "secret"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `servers` (Attributes List) The Servers param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))

### Optional

- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The Protocol param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol))
- `retries` (Number) The Retries param. Value must be between 1 and 5.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.
- `timeout` (Number) The Timeout param. Value must be between 1 and 120.

### Read-Only

- `encrypted_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) (Internal use) Encrypted values returned from the API.
- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) The IpAddress param.
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `port` (Number) The Port param. Value must be between 1 and 65535.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The Secret param. String length must not exceed 64 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol`

Optional:

- `chap` (Boolean) The Chap param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `CHAP`, `EAP_TTLS_with_PAP`, `PAP`, `PEAP_MSCHAPv2`, `PEAP_with_GTC`
- `eap_ttls_with_pap` (Attributes) The EapTtlsWithPap param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `CHAP`, `EAP_TTLS_with_PAP`, `PAP`, `PEAP_MSCHAPv2`, `PEAP_with_GTC` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--eap_ttls_with_pap))
- `pap` (Boolean) The Pap param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `CHAP`, `EAP_TTLS_with_PAP`, `PAP`, `PEAP_MSCHAPv2`, `PEAP_with_GTC`
- `peap_mschap_v2` (Attributes) The PeapMschapV2 param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `CHAP`, `EAP_TTLS_with_PAP`, `PAP`, `PEAP_MSCHAPv2`, `PEAP_with_GTC` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--peap_mschap_v2))
- `peap_with_gtc` (Attributes) The PeapWithGtc param. Ensure that only one of the following is specified: `CHAP`, `EAP_TTLS_with_PAP`, `PAP`, `PEAP_MSCHAPv2`, `PEAP_with_GTC` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--peap_with_gtc))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--eap_ttls_with_pap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.eap_ttls_with_pap`

Optional:

- `anon_outer_id` (Boolean) The AnonOuterId param.
- `radius_cert_profile` (String) The RadiusCertProfile param.


<a id="nestedatt--protocol--peap_mschap_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.peap_mschap_v2`

Optional:

- `allow_pwd_change` (Boolean) The AllowPwdChange param.
- `anon_outer_id` (Boolean) The AnonOuterId param.
- `radius_cert_profile` (String) The RadiusCertProfile param.


<a id="nestedatt--protocol--peap_with_gtc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.peap_with_gtc`

Optional:

- `anon_outer_id` (Boolean) The AnonOuterId param.
- `radius_cert_profile` (String) The RadiusCertProfile param.
