---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_scep_profile Resource - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_scep_profile (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ca_identity_name` (String) The CaIdentityName param.
- `digest` (String) The Digest param.
- `name` (String) alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-]. String length must not exceed 31 characters.
- `scep_url` (String) The ScepUrl param.

### Optional

- `algorithm` (Attributes) The Algorithm param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--algorithm))
- `certificate_attributes` (Attributes) The CertificateAttributes param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_attributes))
- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `fingerprint` (String) The Fingerprint param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `scep_ca_cert` (String) The ScepCaCert param.
- `scep_challenge` (Attributes) The ScepChallenge param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scep_challenge))
- `scep_client_cert` (String) The ScepClientCert param.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.
- `subject` (String) The Subject param.
- `use_as_digital_signature` (Boolean) The UseAsDigitalSignature param.
- `use_for_key_encipherment` (Boolean) The UseForKeyEncipherment param.

### Read-Only

- `encrypted_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) (Internal use) Encrypted values returned from the API.
- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--algorithm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm`

Optional:

- `rsa` (Attributes) The Rsa param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--algorithm--rsa))

<a id="nestedatt--algorithm--rsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm.rsa`

Optional:

- `rsa_nbits` (String) The RsaNbits param.



<a id="nestedatt--certificate_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_attributes`

Optional:

- `dnsname` (String) The Dnsname param.
- `rfc822name` (String) The Rfc822name param.
- `uniform_resource_identifier` (String) The UniformResourceIdentifier param.


<a id="nestedatt--scep_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scep_challenge`

Optional:

- `dynamic_challenge` (Attributes) The DynamicChallenge param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scep_challenge--dynamic_challenge))
- `fixed` (String) Challenge to use for SCEP server on mobile clients. String length must not exceed 1024 characters.
- `none` (String) The None param. String must be one of these: `""`.

<a id="nestedatt--scep_challenge--dynamic_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scep_challenge.dynamic_challenge`

Optional:

- `otp_server_url` (String) The OtpServerUrl param. String length must not exceed 255 characters.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The Password param. String length must not exceed 255 characters.
- `username` (String) The Username param. String length must not exceed 255 characters.
