---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_service_connection Resource - scm"
subcategory: "NetSec"
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_service_connection (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scm_service_connection" "example" {
  # Resource params
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ipsec_tunnel` (String) The IpsecTunnel param.
- `name` (String) The Name param.
- `region` (String) The Region param.

### Optional

- `backup__s_c` (String) The BackupSC param.
- `bgp_peer` (Attributes) The BgpPeer param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_peer))
- `folder` (String) The Folder param. String can either be a specific string(`"Service Connections"`) or match this regex: `^[0-9a-zA-Z._\s-]{1,}$`. Default: `"Service Connections"`.
- `nat_pool` (String) The NatPool param.
- `no_export_community` (String) The NoExportCommunity param. String must be one of these: `"Disabled"`, `"Enabled-In"`, `"Enabled-Out"`, `"Enabled-Both"`.
- `onboarding_type` (String) The OnboardingType param. String must be one of these: `"classic"`. Default: `"classic"`.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The Protocol param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol))
- `qos` (Attributes) The Qos param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--qos))
- `secondary_ipsec_tunnel` (String) The SecondaryIpsecTunnel param.
- `source_nat` (Boolean) The SourceNat param.
- `subnets` (List of String) The Subnets param.

### Read-Only

- `encrypted_values` (Map of String, Sensitive) (Internal use) Encrypted values returned from the API.
- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--bgp_peer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_peer`

Optional:

- `local_ip_address` (String) The LocalIpAddress param.
- `local_ipv6_address` (String) The LocalIpv6Address param.
- `peer_ip_address` (String) The PeerIpAddress param.
- `peer_ipv6_address` (String) The PeerIpv6Address param.
- `same_as_primary` (Boolean) The SameAsPrimary param.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The Secret param.


<a id="nestedatt--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol`

Optional:

- `bgp` (Attributes) The Bgp param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--bgp))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.bgp`

Optional:

- `do_not_export_routes` (Boolean) The DoNotExportRoutes param.
- `enable` (Boolean) The Enable param.
- `fast_failover` (Boolean) The FastFailover param.
- `local_ip_address` (String) The LocalIpAddress param.
- `originate_default_route` (Boolean) The OriginateDefaultRoute param.
- `peer_as` (String) The PeerAs param.
- `peer_ip_address` (String) The PeerIpAddress param.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The Secret param.
- `summarize_mobile_user_routes` (Boolean) The SummarizeMobileUserRoutes param.



<a id="nestedatt--qos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `qos`

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) The Enable param.
- `qos_profile` (String) The QosProfile param.
