---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_service Resource - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_service (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-]. String length must not exceed 63 characters.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The Protocol param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Description param. String length must not exceed 1023 characters.
- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags for service object. List must contain at most 64 elements.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol`

Optional:

- `tcp` (Attributes) The Tcp param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) The Udp param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.tcp`

Required:

- `port` (String) The Port param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.

Optional:

- `override` (Attributes) The Override param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--tcp--override))
- `source_port` (String) The SourcePort param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--tcp--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.tcp.override`

Optional:

- `halfclose_timeout` (Number) tcp session half-close timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 604800. Default: `120`.
- `timeout` (Number) tcp session timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 604800. Default: `3600`.
- `timewait_timeout` (Number) tcp session time-wait timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 600. Default: `15`.



<a id="nestedatt--protocol--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.udp`

Required:

- `port` (String) The Port param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.

Optional:

- `override` (Attributes) The Override param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--udp--override))
- `source_port` (String) The SourcePort param. String length must be between 1 and 1023 characters.

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--udp--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.udp.override`

Optional:

- `timeout` (Number) udp session timeout value (in second). Value must be between 1 and 604800. Default: `30`.
