---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_tcp_setting Resource - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TcpSetting resource
---

# scm_tcp_setting (Resource)

TcpSetting resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "scm_tcp_setting" "tcp_example" {
  # Corresponds to = folder = All
  folder = "All"

  tcp = {
    bypass_exceed_oo_queue = false
    allow_challenge_ack    = true,
    check_timestamp_option = true,
    asymmetric_path        = "drop",
    urgent_data            = "clear",
    drop_zero_flag         = true,
    strip_mptcp_option     = true,
    siptcp_cleartext_proxy = "0",
    tcp_retransmit_scan    = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The device in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `folder` (String) The folder in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `snippet` (String) The snippet in which the resource is defined

> ℹ️ **Note:** You must specify exactly one of `device`, `folder`, and `snippet`.
- `tcp` (Attributes) Tcp (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp`

Optional:

- `allow_challenge_ack` (Boolean) Allow arbitrary ACK in response to SYN?
- `asymmetric_path` (String) Asymmetric path action
- `bypass_exceed_oo_queue` (Boolean) Forward segments exceeding TCP out-of-order queue?
- `check_timestamp_option` (Boolean) Drop segments with null timestamp option?
- `drop_zero_flag` (Boolean) Drop segments without flag?
- `siptcp_cleartext_proxy` (String) SIP TCP cleartext action (`'0'` = Always Off, `'1'` = Always Enabled, `'2'` = Automatically enable proxy when needed)
- `strip_mptcp_option` (Boolean) Strip MPTCP option?
- `tcp_retransmit_scan` (Boolean) TCP retransmit scan?
- `urgent_data` (String) Urgent data flag action


## Import

The following command can be used to import a resource not managed by Terraform:

```bash
terraform import scm_tcp_setting.example folder:::id
```

or

```bash
terraform import scm_tcp_setting.example :snippet::id
```

or

```bash
terraform import scm_tcp_setting.example ::device:id
```

**Note:** Please provide just one of folder, snippet, or device for the import command.

