---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scm_url_access_profile Resource - scm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a config item.
---

# scm_url_access_profile (Resource)

Retrieves a config item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The Name param.

### Optional

- `alerts` (List of String) The Alerts param.
- `allows` (List of String) The Allows param.
- `blocks` (List of String) The Blocks param.
- `cloud_inline_cat` (Boolean) The CloudInlineCat param.
- `continues` (List of String) The Continues param.
- `credential_enforcement` (Attributes) The CredentialEnforcement param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_enforcement))
- `description` (String) The Description param. String length must not exceed 255 characters.
- `device` (String) The Device param.
- `folder` (String) The Folder param.
- `local_inline_cat` (Boolean) The LocalInlineCat param.
- `log_container_page_only` (Boolean) The LogContainerPageOnly param. Default: `true`.
- `log_http_hdr_referer` (Boolean) The LogHttpHdrReferer param. Default: `false`.
- `log_http_hdr_user_agent` (Boolean) The LogHttpHdrUserAgent param. Default: `false`.
- `log_http_hdr_xff` (Boolean) The LogHttpHdrXff param. Default: `false`.
- `mlav_category_exceptions` (List of String) The MlavCategoryExceptions param.
- `safe_search_enforcement` (Boolean) The SafeSearchEnforcement param. Default: `false`.
- `snippet` (String) The Snippet param.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) UUID of the resource.
- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_enforcement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_enforcement`

Optional:

- `alerts` (List of String) The Alerts param.
- `allows` (List of String) The Allows param.
- `blocks` (List of String) The Blocks param.
- `continues` (List of String) The Continues param.
- `log_severity` (String) The LogSeverity param. Default: `"medium"`.
- `mode` (Attributes) The Mode param. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_enforcement--mode))

<a id="nestedatt--credential_enforcement--mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_enforcement.mode`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) The Disabled param. Default: `false`.
- `domain_credentials` (Boolean) The DomainCredentials param. Default: `false`.
- `group_mapping` (String) The GroupMapping param.
- `ip_user` (Boolean) The IpUser param. Default: `false`.
